#Chapter Eight


Thirsty! So ridiculously thirsty! Like seriously about to dehydrate and die. I brushed back my sweaty bangs and reached underneath the makeshift bar for something really cold to quench my really hot thirst. A liquid nitrogen cloud fogging up my glasses. I held my breath and grabbed two or three energy drinks out of the Styrofoam cooler, swarms of frantic humans buzzing above me, yelling above me—the entire gallery hive stinging me with a get-back-to-work glare as I quickly pushed myself back up on my stiletto heels and with my medicinal honey held really tight to my chest, abruptly decided to go on break. For my health’s sake . . .
Now it definitely wasn’t easy, and it definitely wasn’t without its fair share of doubt and despair, but somehow, through it all—through the heartburn, the gag reflex, the near-death experience—somehow I definitely did manage to finish the first can of yellowgreen fuel in under thirty seconds!
Oh yes, I definitely did! With an extra-small fist pump. I burped, burped twice then wiped my red painted lips on the back of my pincer. Not quite conscious yet, not quite back yet, I cracked open the second or third can and plunged my finger-hooks down into a jar of deep-fried espresso beans. I chugged and chewed. Chewed and chugged. Because I like definitely needed a boost after giving up two or three hours of my precious life to help the Palestinian caterers build the really full bar at the back of the gallery—the blue and white, Lego-brick bar equipped with all the very special machinery required for serving up mango with manna smoothies, peyote popsicles, Southern Appalachia moonshine milkshakes, Guinness and gelato floats, morphine sundaes—all drinks and ambrosial delicacies brought to you by the Lower East Side Initiative for Neighborhood Glee, the New York City Department of Cultural Fun, the National Foundation for Amusement, the International Endowment for R and R, the Universal Fund for Memorable Debauchery, plus a whole other long list of boneyard benefactors, Mafioso sponsors. Streams of yellowgreen fuel trickling down my powdered chin, down my dry-cleaned dress, I tilted my head all the way back and finished off my fuel, hoping against hope that the polar vortex still shrieking and shrieking outside wouldn’t like actually stop anyone from showing up tonight. Not that I thought it would. Not on a Thursday night in Manhattan. Not with the kind of holy celebs and devout socialites that had already RSVP’d and were definitely expected rain or shine or subzero Armageddon. I hiccupped. I hiccupped twice and crushed the empty can between my extra-small hands then slammed it down into the recycling bin and looked over to my left at the DJs who were busy setting up their laptops and turntables, their mixers and synthesizers—the Comfort Station looking like a futuristic cross between a crumbling aerospace museum (obsolete jumbo jets dangling from the rafters), a New Orleans necropolis with above-ground tombs and gothic headstones, an underground turbofolk venue in a sketchy neighborhood in Belgrade, and a presidential candidate’s election night headquarters—hundreds and hundreds of campaign zombies eating each other’s throats for a chance to get at that one policy aide position . . . I wiped my mouth and sighed. I like seriously couldn’t believe how satisfying it was to see everything come together after these last two or three months of ridiculously hard work. The whole thing felt like a quasi-finished jigsaw puzzle where all that was needed was that one final pièce de résistance and then everything would be like perfectly perfect and I could like totally relax and totally sleep. Forever. And ever . . .
I pulled at the same knot of hair which I’d been trying to get rid of all week. I pulled really hard and thought that the whole thing might definitely be closer to an unstable Jenga tower. Any stupid rookie mistake and the heavy game would like definitely come crashing down on my little ol’ head . . .
But either way the opening was like obviously the best part about working at a gallery. The superfun awesome part! I half skipped, half danced over to the floor-to-ceiling windows. Pressed my really sore forehead against the chilly glass and looked out. But what was I even looking at? A street, a city—a city under siege? I definitely didn’t know anymore. Did anyone? . . .
I felt a jolt in my chest. Then another jolt right below my bellybutton. I smiled. Because things were like definitely getting fired up down there. Getting nice and ready for the bigger than big night . . .
I licked the steam off the glass. Because I like definitely couldn’t wait to party. Because I like definitely couldn’t wait to get laid tonight . . .
“So did you submit your application?”
I flinched and whacked my forehead against the bastard glass. Ouch. Double ouch. But I definitely wasn’t about to turn around and face that tiger-striped top, or those tight leather pants. Definitely not. I just kept staring out into the six o’clock maelstrom. Out into the black blizzard and said, “Actually, Lola, I didn’t have time to finish my—”
“Well I submitted mine this morning. And Professor Amís said he just loved how my detective story worked out. He said it was obvious while at the same time being practically impossible to follow. Just like every good detective story should always be . . . Looks like I’m on my way to film school. Thank God. I’m sick of this job. Hopefully by this time next year I’ll be done with all this crap. I’ve already started sending out my résumé to a few production companies.”
I gagged. “What? I thought you liked working at the gallery.”
“Uh, no. No way. It sucks. But my parents won’t help me with my student loans unless I have a job. So it’s either this, or I go back home to DC and work at a coffeeshop or something . . . Don’t you have student loans to pay off?”
“I don’t know. My parents handle that kind of stuff.”
“Figures . . . Alright, enough chitchat. How many times do I have to tell you that Madame Banksy wants all this crap out of here before the guests start arriving? Come on, just take it to the basement or something. Just do it.” Lola paused. Lola poked me in the shoulder and whispered on my sweaty neck—“Hey, Zoe, I can’t wait to see your urban documentary. Hey, Zoe, I can’t wait to see how ridiculously famous you and your hobo sweetheart get . . . Hey, Zoe, I can’t wait to come visit you guys when you’re living happily ever after in Hollywood,” giggling and giggling, poking and poking, “happily ever after in the Hollywood shelter for the homeless!”
I squeezed my fists. I tried my very best not to break Lola’s face. “It’s not a fucking docu—”
“And while you’re in the basement, bring up a bolo tie for the artist. He said there should be some in his bag. He needs it to complete his outfit. And stop staring out the window. You’re freaking everybody out. It’s not normal. It’s not professional. And my name’s not Lola. It’s Delores. Don’t you ever listen?”
I could hear bitchy blonde Lola walking away, walking away and wagging her anorexic ass at me. I closed my porcupine eyes. I breathed on the steam-scratched windowpane. I’d like totally forgotten that Lola was from DC. But now I definitely remembered that her parents were either part of the military-industrial complex, or were anti-climate change lobbyists for the energy sector. And I also remembered that bitchy blonde Lola had started off as a politics major before switching to cinema. Ugh, why hadn’t I switched? Why did I have to stick with stupid philosophy? . . .
I peeled my forehead off the glass with a suctionlike skin-pop. I pushed my glasses up my twitching button nose, smoothed out all the wrinkles in my gallery geisha dress, and did my very best to smooth out all my thought-crinkles. Then I swiveled on my black stiletto heels and kneeled down on the floor, on the confetti. I wiggled my Hot Tamales fingernails underneath the stupid cardboard box which Madame Banksy had been bitching about all day. Shoulders tensed, quads flexed, I held my breath and pulled and pulled and pulled, my brand new tights totally ripping as I deadlifted the 50-pound box and staggered then stumbled through the gallery—gritting my tiny teeth as I bumped and bounced off all these annoying humans and their almost human art. Like seriously hating myself as I floundered and fumbled my way round and round the treelike tarp in the middle of the gallery. Because I mean how the hell was Lola able to finish and I wasn’t? And there was like seriously no way Professor Amís actually liked her stupid detective story or whatever. He was probably just being nice. I bet she definitely gave him head or something . . . Ugh, I really should have submitted something. Anything would have been better than nothing. I wonder if there’s still time. Maybe I can throw something together and send it off before the end of the night. Because if Lola did it . . . Like what’s so different about us anyway? Was she actually that much better than me? Was she actually that much better at life? . . .
Teetering to a stop at the top of the stairs, I inched my left heel down the first step, and since I definitely couldn’t see anything over the cardboard box, I tried my very best to steady myself by leaning my extra-small hips into the handrail on my right. I bit my lower lip. I inched my right heel down the first step. I started to wobble. I slowly inched my left heel down the second step and thought about who would like talk at my funeral if I slipped and tumbled down these scary stairs. If I like totally landed on my dolled up face . . . I inched my right heel down the second step. I wobbled. I slowly inched my left heel down the third step and thought really hard about what would happen to the earth when the sun had like totally burned up its hydrogen core and half squeezed, half bloated itself up into a hungry red giant . . . I inched my right heel down the third step and slipped and tumbled and like totally landed on my dolled up face—the cardboard box rolling then bursting two or three steps ahead of me. Puking its sharper than sharp guts all over the basement floor . . .
Ouch. Double ouch. I slowly pushed myself up to my knees. Slowly touched my lower lip and—AH! It was like totally bleeding! Great. Just great. My really expensive lipstick ruined beyond repair. I cried and crawled round and round the basement office, picking up all the butterfly knives, the machetes, the AK-47s and the loaded M16 assault rifles which were supposed to have been part of a live-action installation on how easily Americans could be seduced into performing a little of the old ultraviolence, but because of some stupid safety regulation or whatever, were definitely not going to be handed out to the audience tonight. Too bad. Because I mean that would have definitely been something worth seeing . . .
After locking up all the rejected props in a storage cabinet. I slumped down at my sticky note-cluttered desk and reached for a lavender tissue, mopping up all the warmer than warm squirts of blood, my blood, while I waited for my ultrathin laptop to turn on . . .
I started clicking through the little bit of useable footage I actually had. Because I figured if I just made some quick edits here and there, if I just cut and pasted this with that or whatever, I could like definitely submit something—anything!—before the midnight deadline. Because I seriously didn’t care anymore if my rom-com was a record-breaking blockbuster hit or not. I like didn’t even care if it was the worst film school application ever submitted by a twentysomething college graduate. I just wanted to send the stupid fucking thing off so that I could tell bitchy blonde Lola to go poke herself in her bulimic cunt and leave me the fuck alone! I mean, was that like too much to ask or what? . . .
I reached into my tote bag and grabbed the bottle of helpful Provigil, grabbed the bottle of always reliable Adderall, and because I definitely didn’t have time to wait for my core to absorb the chemicals or whatever, used my trusty ol’ smartphone to carefully crush two or three tablets of each. Then I carefully rolled up a five-dollar bill, and carefully, carefully snorted the first pinkwhite line into my supersmart brain . . .
Blinking back the burn, rubbing my button nose, rubbing hard, real hard, I sucked on a deliciously hard Jolly Rancher and read through the neon-pink note Precious had slipped into my tote bag this morning. Apparently she was freaking out because our landlord wouldn’t stop calling and calling because someone hadn’t paid this month’s rent and someone hadn’t paid the utilities and now she was going to have to dip into her savings so that they wouldn’t shut off the power and the—AH! SHIT! FUCK SHIT FUCK! I bit my bloody lip, snorted another pinkwhite line into my supersmart brain, and was like right about to text Precious how ridiculously sorry I was when I realized I had an unheard voicemail from—Oh, my, God. That bitch. That total fucking bitch. From Miss Sophie Strudel . . .
I squeezed the smartphone up to my ear, licked the yummy pixie dust off my thumb, waited for the message to play . . . First off, Sophie just wanted me to know how deeply, deeply sorry she was for not being able to help me out on my application last week. She’d just been way too busy auditioning for a new reality TV show (by the way, they called her back for the next round of casting!), and so she just hadn’t had time for any distractions or any former friends. But she promised me it wasn’t personal. No, this was strictly about her acting career. Strictly about her childhood dreams. Strictly about her, her, her . . . But she wanted to make it up to me. Tonight. When she stopped by the Comfort Station with her parents and brother and a new friend from work. (She almost invited you-know-who, but then she thought it might be a little bit too upsetting for me.) Anyway, she’d be more than willing to help me out tonight in any way she possibly could. Hugs and kisses and don’t you forget I’m still fucking your ex! Ugh, I definitely didn’t know whether to be angry or grateful. Because I mean I like totally got it that Sophie and her family had to at least make an appearance at the opening tonight because her dad’s real estate company owned the building and like always helped out with the fundraising or whatever. Sure, okay, fine. I totally got it. But did she have to bring a friend along too? Why was she always bringing friends along? Why couldn’t she do anything by herself! I mean why was she always rubbing it in my face that even after college—where she definitely hadn’t gone anywhere without her theatre groupies, her Shakespearian bodyguards, her Tennessee Williams entourage—that even now, in the realer than real world or whatever, she was like still way more popular, still had way more friends, and was like still way more significant to society than I would ever, ever be . . .
I snorted the second or third pinkwhite line into my supersmart brain.
Alright, well, if Sophie wanted to help me out then she definitely could, and if not, then she could like definitely stick her stupid TV show up her talentless, her backstabbing, her—something was vibrating. I lifted my heavy head. I pushed my broken glasses up my powdered nose. Um, what the fuck? The ceiling was like totally twitching, the ugly florescent lights flashing on and off, on and off, the basement floor lurching then seesawing, pens and pencils spinning off desks, filing cabinets tipping over and smashing against each other, paper planes zipping back and forth, back and forth, folders flying, sirens wailing, exhibition catalogues tumbling off shelves, ceiling fragments bombarding my ultrathin laptop and totally forcing me to take cover! take cover! AH! Armadillo eyes blinking through the debris, rainbow sparks showering down and singeing my bangs, I curled up in a ball underneath my fire resistant desk and squeezed my smartphone tight to my chest. Because it seriously felt like V-2 rockets or massive spaceships were blasting off right above me. For a horribly horrible second I even thought the entire building might collapse and cave in and like totally bury me and my Hollywood future forever and ever and ever! But just when I was about to call 911, just when I was about to call my parents and ask them if they had anything they wanted me to tell our brutally butchered Polish ancestors, the earthquake stopped . . .
I could hear one of the DJ’s talking over the 20,000-watt PA system. Thinking they must have definitely just been sound checking or whatever. I crawled out from underneath my desk, snorted another line of chemical assistance straight into my supersmart brain, then looked round and round the very messy basement office for anything remotely resembling a DSLR camera or a professional HD camcorder . . .
But no. Nothing. I rubbed my nose. I rubbed my nose till I sneezed on an idea—a superbrilliant idea! Because maybe I could like just use my trusty ol’ smartphone! I mean it definitely did have a high-resolution image sensor or whatever. So maybe I could be an innovator. Maybe I could like definitely be the next supercute thing in cinema! Because if bitchy blonde Lola did it, then I definitely could too! Yes we can! Yes we can! Alright, alright, alright. Calm down, Zoe, calm down! Focus focus! Just get everything ready for when they get here. Then we can worry about the technical details. Then we can worry about getting ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich!
Someone upstairs was calling my name. “Zoe? Zoe! What the hell are you doing down there? Madame Banksy wants you up here working the front door—now! And don’t forget that bolo tie!”
I rubbed my nose and shouted back—“Coming!”
A sinister smile on my face. I quickly crushed then snorted one more tasty tablet. One more tasty tablet of each, obviously. Then I jumped to my heels, wiped the pixie dust off my mascara-thick eyelashes and licked the blood off my lips. Oh boy, oh jeez, my human heart was like totally banging up against my rabbit ribcage, my palms sweaty with excitement, blurry blobs popping up behind my glasses. I squeezed my smartphone, tried my very best to slow down my breathing so that I definitely wouldn’t pass out and die and decompose down here without anybody knowing or caring or nothing! Even though if I was like actually honest with myself this delicious shiver tickling up and down my spine was like definitely definitely making me hornier than horny. Oh yes, it definitely was! Somehow fighting the urge to shove two or three fingers up my dress. I giggled over to the only “bag” I could find in the basement. But like all I could see inside the kid-sized knapsack was a white wetsuit, a white scuba mask, and a pair of white flippers. I screamed at the top of my adorable little lungs while digging and digging with my feverish fingers until I found the stash of bolo ties. Time definitely running out. I snatched one up at random—the one with a sterling silver skull with emeralds for eyes. The floor and ceiling totally shaking again, another ballistic missile launching overhead, I braced myself for any destiny-crushing boulders as I wobble-wobbled my stilettos up the scary stairs, half panting, half laughing, my trusty ol’ smartphone in one hand, death’s head in the other, my boosted brain suddenly letting go of the handrails and pole vaulting my superlong legs up into the gallery—up into the pa-pa-party! And I could like already hear the first really fun explosions echoing behind me, way behind me as I sailed off to meet and greet the stars, all the stars of my really big night!