#Been Up So Long Looks Like Down To Me


Even though he definitely might not be looking his very best these storm-weary days—oh boy, oh jeez, this December sure has done quite the number on him—and even though his scruffy muzzle is most definitely looking black and blue—looking almost, I would definitely say, like a deli-style slice of urban roadkill—Giacomo’s walnut nose broken and bandaged with two or three teeny-weeny strips of electrical tape, angry purple sickles curling up underneath his grizzly eyes, coffee-drizzled lumps of bloody snot knitting his weeklong beard into a fuzzy quilt of cruddy crud. Oh yes, even though you would probably definitely maybe say he looks like shit, like droopy dog shit, our favorite superhero doesn’t give one flying fuck.
Doesn’t give one flying fuck about the strands of orange goo sticking to his shaggy hair, to his army-green sweater. Doesn’t give one flying fuck about the pus-rimmed volcano erupting every two or three minutes all over his bulging bronze forehead. Doesn’t even give one flying fuck about not remembering where in the fuck he left his neon-pink messenger bag. And why-oh-why doesn’t he give one flying fuck? Well, that’s obvious. That’s like totally obvious! He doesn’t give one flying fuck because he’s like never ever felt so fucking good in all of his fucking life! That’s why. He doesn’t give one flying fuck because he’s done it. Like actually done it! He’s finished that ridiculously complicated algorithm! He’s outlasted that truelove migraine! And wait, hold on, Giacomo Jones has a girlfriend too? A California girlfriend? Oh boy, oh jeez, someone please poke-a-poke our favorite superhero . . .
Grinning to himself because it definitely doesn’t get any fucking better than this—not in this life, not on this planet—Giacomo Jones claps his superhairy paws, claps twice and adds the final coat of semicorporate sugar to his PowerPoint trophy. Times New Roman font, crossfade transitions, triumphant soundtrack. His life-or-death monologue memorized Giacomo clicks print, clicks twice then heaves himself out of the four flashing screens and rips off his fighter pilot headset (strictly 80’s and 90’s hip hop). Bouncing off his baby blue exercise ball with a roaring fist pump Giacomo charges down the aisle but sure as fuck doesn’t stop at the water cooler or at the flatscreen TV. Nope, not this time. This time he doesn’t give one flying fuck about the strength of the prosecution’s case in the Central Park murder trial. Doesn’t even give one flying fuck if the streaming subtitles match Big Brother’s lemon lips or not. This time Giacomo Jones charges straight past the miniature Christmas tree, straight past the bathroom, straight past the tanning salon and straight into the all-purpose game room, where he straightaway yanks open the refrigerator, grabs a bottle of Moet & Chandon Champagne, grabs a butcher knife, and just like he used to do as a very intimidating waiter at a West Loop steakhouse, slices the bottle’s neck straight off . . . Deliciously drenched in golden effervescence, Giacomo Jones then picks up a mason jar of skin-softening bath salts, takes an extra-large gulp from the neckless bottle, charges to the back of the game room, charges up a wooden deck—and bellyflops into the Jacuzzi. Because he’s in the fucking mood for a bubbly massage . . .
Feeling like a twentysomething Scarface, looking like a twentysomething Scarface, Giacomo Jones leans back against the soothing jets, his lower back like way more than grateful for the special attention after all those weeks, those months, those totally cramped years—at a South Side school, at college, at Google. Wishing he had a Cuban cigar or a hookah or something our favorite superhero closes his hippopotamus eyes and sinks down deep into the swirling foam, groaning with delight as the therapeutic bath salts gently unclog his swollen pores. As they temporarily ease the tension out of his bloated soul . . .
A few exfoliating minutes later, in his trademark silver sweatpants, in his silver hoodie, pouty-lipped Peter Winnerbilt flaunts his way into the game room with an autographed basketball spinning on his fingertip (Boston Celtics, 1985-86). A blasé smirk on his all-American face Peter palms the basketball and hooks a shot behind his back without even looking or stopping or nothing—the ball swooshing through the net over the door as Peter flaunts his way over to the Jacuzzi, each step of his really relaxed, really melancholic stride like totally revealing the jaded aristocrat Peter obviously is and will always be . . . Taking a courtside seat on the wooden deck, Peter rolls his sweatpants up past his New England shins, casually lowers his five-hundred-dollar flip-flops into the multiplying bubbles.
“Don’t leave your boy hanging. Is it done or what?” Peter smirking and reparting his shiny silver hair. Giacomo sinks deeper into the swirling foam. “That’s right. It’s fucking done.”
“Fantastic!” Peter slapping his knee and reaching into his sweatpants for a vial of pure Columbian cocaine. “I always knew you were a genius. Didn’t doubt you for a second. Not for one second.”
Peter dips his pinky finger into the vial, snorts up a life-enhancing bump, then tap-a-taps a line out beside him on the deck. Lifting himself off the jets Giacomo doggy paddles over and vacuums the really thick line up his broken walnut nose. With a puppy’s euphoric whimper our favorite superhero falls back on his bed of bubbles.
Peter dips his pinky finger back into the vial. “How’s that nose feeling?” snorting another bump. “What was it—a bar fight?”
“Fuck no. I fell off a fucking chair.”
“A chair? You fell off a chair?” A disbelieving pout disfiguring his thirtysomething face Peter slowly scratches his cleft chin, then shakes his head and reparts his shiny silver hair. “No, that’s not going to work. We’re going to have to tell them something else. Let’s stick to bar fight. They’ll like that. You were in a bar fight—and you won. And if they think you look bad, then wait till they get a look at the other guy. At the other five guys.”
Giacomo sneezes. Sneezes twice. “What time does the motherfucking plane leave?”
“Nine in the morning. We should be getting in around eleven, their time. The hotel is—”
While the cofounders talk about the five-star amenities, about the room service and the on-demand escorts, Sophie Strudel glides into the game room and reaches into the freezer for a bottle of tequila. She grabs two or three shot glasses, then glides over to the hot tub.
“I’m guessing it’s done?” Sophie smiling a Helen of Troy kind of smile.
Arms stretched out on either side Giacomo grins and kicks his Chucks in and out of the sprawling bubbles. “That’s right. It’s fucking done.”
With an apple crisp laugh Sophie hands out the shot glasses, carefully pours out the premium poison. “Congratulations. I can’t believe you finished it . . .” raising her shot glass. “To Beloved Entropy.”
Peter smirks, raises his glass. “To Beloved Entropy.”
“Fuck the fuck yea!”
The coworkers raise their glasses really high, then tilt their heads back and swallow.
Wiping the sparkles off her lips, beads of tequila winking their way down her plaid blouse, Sophie takes a totally exaggerated breath before talking.
“Okay, so I know this might not be the best time to tell you guys. But I just want to be upfront about the whole thing . . . I think you both already know I was a theatre major in college. And, well, I just found out that I’ve been invited back for the final round of casting for this new TV show. I’ll be auditioning again this weekend. While you guys are on your trip . . .”
Giacomo and Peter look at each other.
Up to his sweater in bubbles, Giacomo grins. “That’s fucking great. Congrats.”
Peter nods and grabs the tequila, then pours out another round of shots. “I agree. That’s fantastic. And you don’t have anything to worry about. You’ve done an amazing job getting the website up and running. So whatever happens, Beloved Entropy supports you. Fully supports you.” Peter raises his shot glass. “To your future acting career.”
Sophie blushes. “You know they haven’t given me the part yet.”
“Oh they will. I’ve never had any doubts about you. Not for one second.”
Sophie smiles. The coworkers raise their glasses really high, then tilt their heads back and swallow.
Suddenly, with ginger nuts on his double chin, Ian the Intern levitates into the game room.
Peter immediately turns and shouts—“Stop right there! What do you think you’re doing? Why aren’t you at your desk? Who do you think you are? What is this?”
The nonentity tries to speak. “Sorry, sir, but your fiancé is downstairs waiting for you to take her to dinner. And that other friend of yours keeps calling and wanting to talk to you.”
“Goddamnit! How many times do I have to tell you she’s not my friend!” Peter dips his pinky finger into the vial, snorts up another life-enhancing bump. “Okay, okay, I’ll be right there. Now get out of here, you Alaskan toad. You Alaskan cockroach. You Alaskan halfwit!”
The nonentity disappears . . .
“Alright,” Peter reparting his shiny silver hair and tossing Giacomo the vial. “I’ll see you at the airport tomorrow. Don’t celebrate too hard. We have a big weekend ahead of us.”
Giacomo smiling a sinister smile as Peter slowly lifts his flip-flops and casually flaunts his way out of the game room.
Biting her lip Sophie looks down at Giacomo drifting round and round the hot tub with his Chuck Taylors poking up through the bubbles—his army-green sweater and London-gray slacks bellying out across the swirling foam like the pelts of some business casual rubber ducky. Sophie laughs. “Is that what you’re wearing tonight?”
Giacomo looks down at himself, grins. “Eh, fuck no, this ain’t my fucking style. But I’ll fucking find something. Don’t you fucking worry.”
Sophie leans over the swirling foam and fastens a lavender collar round and round our favorite superhero’s neck. “Oh I’m not worried,” kissing him on his scruffy cheek and squeezing. “But it’s a quarter to seven now. Why don’t I go get ready and meet you downstairs in like twenty minutes? I told my parents we’d be there by eight.”
“Sounds fucking good,” Giacomo nodding and tap-a-taping out another really thick line of pure Colombian cocaine as Sophie glides out of the game room.
Up to his superhairy neck in bubbles, up to his superhairy neck in yummy-yummy chemicals, Giacomo Jones vacuums the really thick line off the wooden deck, chugs the rest of his champagne while scrambling up out of the hot tub, then tugs off his soggy Chucks, rips off his star-spangled merino wool socks, somersaults over to the refrigerator, grabs another champagne bottle, grabs the butcher knife, and twirls out of the game room like a Tasmanian devil on a bender. Leaving nothing but a trail of superhairy puddles . . .
Soaking wet and coughing, a sinister smile on his bandaged muzzle, Giacomo Jones charges across the fortysomethingth floor—singing, roaring, singing his way through the endless rows of empty desks, vacant cubicles. Celebration on his mind, a formal introduction on his lips, our favorite superhero charges all the way over to where the Anti-Aging Angels reside. But what Giacomo sees as he slides left and comes charging up the last aisle is like definitely not, I repeat, is like definitely not to his liking or to his Midwestern conception of what makes a positive work environment. Definitely not.
Giacomo skids to a stop and growls.
Giggling and listening to Justin Bieber, snapping selfies and sharing risqué pics of each other, six tweens—three slender nymphets and three flirty faunlets—turn and stare at this wetter than wet Godzilla standing before them with a champagne bottle and a butcher knife. The tweens gasp. The tweens start snapping pictures of our favorite superhero.
“No!” Giacomo growling and holding out the champagne bottle. “Watch.”
A sheepish look on their downy faces, smartphones tucked away in their laps, tucked away but secretly recording every little thing east of Eden, the tweens suck on their thumbs as Giacomo lifts the really sharp knife and slices the bottle’s neck right off, dousing the tweens in a podium-style golden shower.
“Ey?” Giacomo grinning at his handiwork. “Ey!”
Calmly wiping themselves dry the tweens yawn and turn up their Justin Bieber. They go back to snapping risqué pictures of each other.
A disgusted scowl darkens our favorite superhero’s face. “Motherfuckers,” he growls, then throws the really sharp knife down into the carpet and turns on his extra-large feet, charging back across the fortysomethingth floor—swearing, roaring, swearing his way though the endless rows of empty desks, vacant cubicles. Because if Giacomo Jones ever has any kids like that, any kids as disrespectful as that, as disgusting as that, he swears he’ll send them off to a military boarding school and never ever speak to them again. On fucking principle . . .
Giacomo skids to a stop underneath the flatscreen TV, and with obviously only one thing left to do before it’s time to head out into the black blizzard, charges over to the floor-to-ceiling windows. Huffing and puffing, his bulging bronze forehead pressed up against the glass, our favorite superhero takes one last look at the Island Kingdom. At the apartment lights, the office lights, the bar lights. At all these credit-seeking fireflies dancing in and out of a totally synthetic dream-catching abyss . . . Because that’s what he sees out there. But what we wanna know is what our favorite superhero is thinking, standing way up here, on the fortysomethingth floor of the One World Trade Center. Is he thinking that he’s made it? That now, as one of the twentysomething cofounders of a soon-to-be very successful tech startup, he’ll never have to worry about something as revoltingly vulgar as money again. Because there’s really no doubt—what with his massive genius, what with a partner like Peter Winnerbilt—that Beloved Entropy will be profitable, will go public, and will set Giacomo Jones up for life . . . So is that what he’s thinking? That now that he has a really sweet, really smart girlfriend with greengold lamb eyes, a California girlfriend with a real estate tycoon for a dad, he can settle down and start his own interracial family in an Upper West Side brownstone or a Park Slope co-op. In the type of cozy home that his brothers and baby sis would have fucking liked to sleep over at. That he can now start fucking building the kind of straight-edged life that would have made his mom and pops proud. Is that what he’s thinking? Is he thinking that he’s made it, that it’s done—all of it? All the struggles that started the morning he was born into that South Side bloodbath. All the struggles that followed him to college and took his family away from him. All the struggles that sniffed him out the day he moved to New York and hounded him for two or three years. All the struggles that just can’t stop won’t stop trying to drag him under. To eradicate him and his exiled kind. Is he thinking that he’s the Chicago-born king of the Island Kingdom, come to reclaim his fucking throne? Is that what he’s thinking? . . . Maybe. Maybe he like definitely is thinking something along those heavy fucking lines. Or maybe he’s like definitely not thinking. Not now. Not this time. Because maybe this time he’s already grinning and charging back to his desk—Giacomo diving and bouncing onto his baby blue exercise ball, bouncing and tap-a-taping another really thick line out on top of his favorite comic strips (The Boondocks, Krazy Kat, The Far Side), the four screens flashing above his shaggy head as he bends over and vacuums the line up his bandaged nose, his totally cracked smartphone vibrating on his ergonomic keyboard, vibrating with a new text message. I’m downstairs. Ready when you are. Rubbing his broken walnut nose Giacomo sneezes, sneezes twice and remembers that he fucking needs to find something dry to wear. He swivels his shaggy head from side to side, side to side then stops mid swivel and smiles a sinister smile. Because for the first time in like two or three months, our favorite superhero like actually notices what the overweight, wannabe moose hunter is wearing, and oh boy, oh jeez, does Giacomo Jones like what he sees or what! The camo cargo pants, the black combat boots. Because that’s more like it. Because that’s his new fucking style . . .
While our favorite superhero orders Ian the Intern to strip and, like just for the fun of it, get down and give him fifty, another text message vibrates his smartphone. Hurry! The show’s about to start!