#Stars Are Shaking


“Let me just start off by thanking each and every one of you for making it out tonight. I know it’s not exactly ideal weather for showing off those fabulous wigs, those delightful loincloths. But I promise, we’re going to have so much fun tonight that you’re not even going to remember why everyone out there was making such a big fuss about perfect storms and severe weather patterns.”
The astronaut-curator bends down and punches one of the really sweaty, really beautiful guests trying to climb up the collapsible step stool. “Now since most of you here tonight haven’t had the privilege of experiencing Federico’s work before, I’m sure there must be a lot of questions. I’ve already heard quite a few raunchy screams from those of you dying to know exactly where in the world Federico comes from. And I’ve also been informed that the Zapatista Army of National Liberation, joining us via live webcast, would like to know more about who Federico’s greatest influences are, what style or movement he belongs to, where he buys his air tanks. Unfortunately all I know, all we know, is that Federico Blanco Sanchez-Llanos is a moment in—“ Madame Banksy taps the translucent microphone against her helmet. “Sorry, I’m getting some feedback. Can you hear me in the back? . . . Good. As I was saying, Federico Blanco Sanchez-Llanos is a moment in history. Federico Blanco Sanchez-Llanos is an unrepeatable happening in American time. Federico Blanco Sanchez-Llanos is solidarity. Transfigured flesh and fire. Utopia realized and made visible. Federico Blanco Sanchez-Llanos is the past, the present, the future of scuba diving as we know it.” The astronaut-curator points a bluegold boxing glove at one of the guests. “You there, in the antiquated man thong, in the conservative fedora, please stop murmuring. Stop trying to discredit what you can’t possibly understand. You’ll have the pleasure of diving with Federico soon enough.” Madame Banksy taps the translucent microphone against her helmet. “But before all the fun starts, could everyone please join me in giving our sponsors a big round of applause. Without their generous support enchanting nights like these would never be possible.” The astronaut-curator points a bluegold boxing glove at two or three guests standing at the front of the swaying semicircle. “I’d especially like to thank the Strudels. Whose unfaltering commitment to the Comfort Station after all these years has been a personal source of comfort, and an inspiration to us all.” Madame Banksy bends down and punches another really sweaty, really beautiful guest trying to climb up the collapsible step stool. “Now if any of you wanna take one of Federico’s deep-sea discoveries home with you tonight, don’t hesitate to talk to one of my lovely assistants. And if for some reason you don’t get a chance to put in a request in person tonight, you can always use our smartphone app to place as many orders as your fingers can tap.” The front door swings open, a black breeze rushes through the gallery, the weeping willow tarp shudders and weeps. “Oh by the way, I highly recommend that each of you here tonight consider investing in at least one of Federico’s finds. We’ve already received purchasing orders from the MOMA and the Metropolitan Museum of Art. From the Louvre and the Guggenheim in Bilbao. From the Tate Modern. And since all the critics agree with our assessment that Federico’s work will appreciate by at least a thousand percent in the next two or three years, it is without any qualifications or misgivings that I stand before your beautiful faces tonight and say—this really is the time to buy.” The astronaut-curator points a bluegold glove at the jockstrap-scratching, lollipop-sucking DJs. “Over to my left, the Pubescent Ponies have just made it in from JFK after hosting what I heard was a marvelous dance party in Munich. Let’s see if they can’t get your booties twerking too!” Madam Banksy nods to the Palestinian orphans, who then pick up the heavy ropes attached to the top of the treelike tarp. “Now without further ado, let me present to you the debut art show of the world’s most wondrous scuba diver! Let me give you magic!” The astronaut-curator points a bluegold boxing glove at the very leaky ceiling. The astronaut-curator yells—“Open Sesame!” and with a tiny but mighty tug the miniature cowboys tug the tarp right off a twentysomething-foot tall albatross, its angry metal frame and outstretched wings built out of shattered smartphones, out of broken laptops. The audience gasps as the scarecrow effigies burst into flame. As the speakers let fire a round of floor-rattling bass.
Pulling Giacomo by his superhairy paw Sophie smiles a path through the claps, the hollers, the euphoric swoons and ecstatic seizures. Sophie pulling Giacomo all the way up to the front of the swaying semicircle.
“There they are. Come on,” waving, shouting—“Mom! Dad!” While Sophie Strudel then hugs her parents, her Down syndrome delayed younger brother, our favorite superhero grabs a mouthful of raw oysters off the hat of a passing orphan. He slurps up the aphrodisiac slime and leans back against one of the dangling dance cages. He brushes a baba ghanoush hand off his shoulder, dips his pinky finger into Peter’s vial and snorts up a life-elevating bump. But before he can snort up another Sophie pulls him by his jean jacket and says, “Dad, this is Giacomo Jones. My boss.”
A Sherlock Holmes pipe in his serious mouth, a tweed blazer on his rugby torso, Mr. Strudel nods and holds out a polo player’s firm hand.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Jones.”
Our favorite superhero licks his pinky finger and carefully, carefully puts away the vial. He grabs Mr. Strudel’s hand. “How’s it fucking going?”
“It’s going very well, thank you. Just as I imagine it must be going for you, seeing as that your company is on the verge of becoming one of the most valuable tech startups on the market. My Sophie here tells us you’re flying out of town tomorrow to meet with some potential investors. Are you interested in real estate at all? I could always use someone with your extraordinary set of skills.”
“Fuck no. Never!”
Definitely not in the mood to shoot the shit with a Stanford-educated oligarch, especially not about something as revoltingly vulgar as real estate, our favorite superhero sneezes, sneezes twice and spins away from the Strudels, away from the avian idol, away from all this disgusting small talk—Giacomo charging through the swaying crowd as the Pubescent Ponies start to mix things up with a Motown dance beat, strobe lights flashing on and off above his shaggy head, on and off, on and off, the ceiling vibrating, leaking, crumbling off here and there, here and there, here and there . . .
After ducking under a white curtain and watching a machine laser-etch the words “Be Human” into a kid’s stomach, after crawling in on a lingerie model fisting a retired Buddhist, after reading a pamphlet on the neurological effects of living on a planet with an aging population, after examining a series of very graphic cartoons about the prevalence of female circumcision in Africa, after having a video conference with members of al-Qaeda, after watching a Spanish-language clay animation film about a rape victim’s multiple attempts to have an illegal abortion in Nicaragua, after watching a live broadcast of an Indonesian maid’s execution in Saudi Arabia, after putting on a pair of headphones and listening to a mash-up of Antonín Dvořák’s New World Symphony with the court proceedings for undocumented minors in Arizona, after participating in a group meditation sing-along for the betterment of the universe, after doing a keg stand for charity, Giacomo Jones stumbles to a stop in front of a totally blurry wall-sized painting of the New York City skyline. The skyline as seen from under the Queensboro Bridge. From under the East River’s murkier than murky surface. All the city colors matted down to a muddled brown and garbage gray. To a black, a black, a black . . .
“Nice pants. I like the camo.”
A superhairy pinky finger held up to his runny walnut nose Giacomo turns his shaggy head. He aims his mastodon eyes at a kid half his size. At a kid wearing a cut-off white jacket, baggy white pants.
“Who the fuck are you?”
“Me?” The kid taps his Jolly Roger bolo tie and chuckles. “Oh I’m just another scuba diver. Like you.”
Giacomo grunts, dips his superhairy pinky finger back into the vial. He snorts up a life-elevating bump and remembers what his pops used to always say about sharing. Rubbing his broken walnut nose our favorite superhero offers the kid the vial. “You fucking want some?”
“Sure. Thanks.”
The kid dips his kid-sized pinky finger into the vial, snorts up a life-coloring bump. The kid rubs his kid-sized nose. “You don’t look like the type that comes to these things.”
“I fucking don’t. I’m here because of my fucking girlfriend.”
“Gotcha . . .”
Sharing the vial in silence Giacomo Jones and the kid stand side by side and stare at the massive painting on the wall. They rub their noses and stare harder than hard at the polluted pigments which threaten to flood and overwhelm the Island Kingdom . . . Drowning thoughts. Drowning constructs . . .
A Palestinian orphan zips by a few nose-rubs later and hands them each a flute of champagne.
“Do you like it?” the kid asks, taking a kid-sized swig of the bubbly nectar.
“Fuck no,” grunting and chugging. “It’s disgusting. Just like all the other shit in here.” Giacomo burps, burps twice. “But I fucking like that big bird over there.”
The kid chuckles. “Me too . . .”
Chemical scarabs nibbling on the ball of dung at the core of his bloated brain, inflating his superhairy dick with dizzy dumb larvae, Giacomo swivels his auroch head round and round until he finds Sophie talking to a bitchy blonde girl in a snow leopard print top, in a pair of tight leather pants. He sneezes, sneezes twice and watches them have a heart-to-heart underneath the metal albatross . . .
“Which one’s your girlfriend?” the kid poking his head up over Giacomo’s shoulder.
Giacomo turns and narrows his woolly mammoth eyes. Cognition swerving down a yellow brick autobahn he stares at the kid. He wonders how far he might possibly be able to . . .
But then our favorite superhero shakes away his nausea and grunts—“The one holding the red fucking coat. With a bullseye on her stomach. We’re in fucking love.”
“Gotcha . . .”
“You ever been in fucking love?”
The kid blushes and taps his bolo tie. “Um, yea, sort of. But right now I just wanna have as much sex as I can before I turn thirty.”
Giacomo snorts another life-elevating bump. “Sex doesn’t mean a fucking thing without love. Sex is disgusting without love.”
The kid’s eyes widen. The kid fidgets. “What do you do?”
“Eh?”
“Sorry. I mean for money. What’s your job?”
“I run a fucking company.”
“Gotcha . . . And do you find that fulfilling?”
“What the fuck?”
“Sorry . . .”
Totally fed up with this kid Giacomo Jones swivels his sabertooth muzzle back to the angry albatross. The bitchy blonde nowhere to be found Giacomo watches Sophie nervously sip wine out of a plastic cup, a new girl wobbling in front of her greengold lamb eyes, wobbling on stiletto heels and waving a smartphone in one hand, a yummy-yummy drink in the other. Back and forth, back in forth . . .
“What the fuck’s going on over there?” Giacomo grunting, Giacomo chugging champagne.
“Where?” The kid turns and looks. “Oh I’ve been watching that girl. The one in the ripped tights. I like her. She’s a hot mess.”
Right on cue the new girl drops her trusty ol’ smartphone, grabs Sophie’s sippy cup, then screams at the top of her adorable little lungs and splashes the redder than red blood all over Sophie’s doublecrossing face and all over her “Look at me, look at me, I’m a SoCal skank!” cock-tailing dress.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Giacomo putting away the vial. “One more disgusting motherfucker.” Giacomo flipping up the collar on his jean jacket. Giacomo taking a savage step toward the albatross.
“Wait.” The kid reaches into his white jacket. The kid takes out a pair of star-shaped tablets.
“Take these.”
Giacomo plucks the stars out of the kid’s palm. “What the fuck’s in ‘em?”
“Just take them. They might help.” The kid taps his Jolly Roger bolo tie and chuckles. “Either that or it’ll just be something to remember me by.”
A colder than cold shiver tickling his spine Giacomo Jones hesitates and scratches his itchy-itchy chin scruff. Scratches this yucky, this slime-oozing paranoia squeezing itself round and round his neck . . . yay or nay, or nay yay, or—
“Fuck it,” titling his shaggy head back and swallowing the twelve-pointed stars with the rest of the champagne.
The kid chuckles. The kid swims away and dives under the DJ booth. Leaving nothing but a cut-off white jacket. Leaving nothing but a pair of baggy white pants . . .
T. rex eyes fixed on that milk chocolate ponytail, a lavender leash jerking him forward, Giacomo burps, burps twice then shoves his way through the swaying semicircle, black combat boots smashing Art, smashing toes, smashing all the things that seem . . .
A few ontological mishaps later, a few heavy brawls later, a furrow of dodolike disgust on his hummus-smeared forehead, thick steam pouring out of his broken walnut nose, shaggy hair sizzled by a redorange wicker man, extra-large denim jacket covered in postpolitical fragments, in conceptual ash and papier-mâché aesthetics—a few cocaine crashes later our favorite superhero swoops in on the angry albatross with his superhairy fists cocked and ready. He elbows the new girl out of the way. He growls—“Come on,” giving Sophie a piggyback ride through the gallery. “Let’s get the fuck out of here. This shithole is starting to get to me. And it looks like we both need a fucking drink.”
A roar of applause shakes and shakes the very leaky ceiling . . .