#Beyond the Ferris Wheel


Swerving, honking, swerving out of this suffocating storm the yellowblack taxi van speeds up Central Park West and recklessly hangs a louie by powersliding across a patch of muddy ice—four tires spinning, four tires kicking up snow and shit and catapulting the taxi van onto West 77th Street—the van hurtling down a slumbering gully of beatnik prosperity and Ivy League liberalism, a strip of family-oriented wealth flanked by Notre Dame-like museums, doggy daycares, nanny academies, nouveau riche condominiums, Orthodox pubs, retro bookshops, magic theaters, bon vivant private schools and philharmonic playgrounds which whine and grumble, whine and grumble in their sleep as the van emphatically skids to a full stop.
After a credit card swipe and a quickie, the rear passenger door slides open.
With their coats pulled over their heads two or three shapes leap out of the van and scramble across the uneven sidewalk—leapfrogging over snow angels, leapfrogging over gingerbread nativity scenes, menorah latkes, Christmas caroling vagrants . . .
After a sneeze and another sneeze, one of the shapes yanks open the superheavy doors.
From deep within the beer-thick shadows a gargoyle lifts his atrophied brain out of his glowing smartphone. Tugs an unclipped thumb out of his steroid-inflated nose.
After a shiver and a wardrobe adjustment, the two or three shapes glide into the hypnotic blue glow.
“Wel-wel-welcome, back, Miss, Stru-Stru-Strudel,” the bodybuilder bouncer trying to move his jaw. “Good, to see—you,” wiping a greenblack booger on his ketchup-spotted wifebeater.
“Thank you, Edgar. Has it started already?”
“No, Miss, Strudel. But-but-but it be, heating, up, fast.”
Sophie nods and kisses Edgar on his stone-cold cheek, then grabs Giacomo by his superclammy paw and leads him into the beer-thick shadows . . .
Gropping their way through the dark. Gropping their way through the fermented smells until a mannequin on a spit melts this all away . . .
Above the alabaster mantelpiece, an oval mirror captures and distorts our favorite superhero’s reflection as he stomps up to the fireplace and reads the words etched into the flame-licked mirror . . . THE DRUNKEN CLINAMEN—FOR MATRYRS ONLY—PRICE OF ADMISSION, ONE EGO . . . Chimera eyes blinking away from what sure as fuck looks to be Helvetica font Giacomo peers down the two or three hazy hallways behind the fireplace. He shakes all of his hydra heads and grunts—“Which fucking way is it? I don’t remember any of this shit.”
Sophie laughs and squeezes his paw. “Yea, you were pretty out of it last time. I still can’t believe they kicked us out of the restaurant. Don’t worry though, we can go either way. They join up eventually. You choose.”
Giacomo grunts and remembers what his pops used to always say about being on the right side of history. Giacomo remembers and grunts left.
Greengold lamb eyes flaked with layers of laughter Sophie Strudel gives our favorite superhero a peck on his prickly muzzle, adjusts her fur cap, then leads the way . . .
Bone-and-rag torches swishing overhead, the hallway zigzagging, the hallway zigzagging, really tall red doors gleaming on each side, Persian rugs giving way underfoot, giving way to the chemicals conspiring and closing in with the walls, with the walls, a fever microwaving the air . . .
“Where the fuck is the bar?” Giacomo growling as he looks down and watches his black combat boots leave extra-large craters in the handwoven floor.
“Just a little bit further,” Sophie pulling him down or up the sloping hall. Minutes sliding into memories. Sliding into . . .
Sophie smiles to a stop. “Here we are.” She tap-a-taps on one of the really tall red doors, Giacomo standing behind her and reading the plaque on the wall—THE JOB IS THE VACATION.
After another knock-knock and a tick-tock the really tall red door clicks open and a Mexican sombrero, then a chubby clown face, then a pair of sunburnt and lactating breasts, then a pregnant belly, then a codpiece, then a pair of cellulite-dimpled legs strapped to a pair of bamboo stilts, scissor-walk out of the shadows and tower over the threshold.
“Holy fuck!” Giacomo jumping back because he definitely doesn’t remember this.
“What’s wrong? Come on,” Sophie grabbing his superclammy paw and pulling him through the shoulder-width opening between the stilts, the shadows on the other side of the bamboo taking on the shape and color of an Olympic-sized sandbox with palm trees, piñatas—Tahiti-clear beaches projected on the turquoise walls, piña colada clouds sailing across the ceiling, pink flamingos building Disneyland castles in the white-hot sand . . .
Stopping every few sand dunes to smile to one of the topless sunbathers Sophie puts on her oversized Jackie O sunglasses and leads Giacomo past the really fat, really sweaty gin rummy players with their 24-karat bracelets and their smaller than small speedos. Sophie leading Giacomo past the volleyball tournament, past the seafood buffet, the barbeque pit, past the crowded tiki bar . . . The Caribbean sky bearing down on his shaggy hair and itchy-itchy beard Giacomo takes off his extra-large denim jacket and lets his superhairy chest toast under the Mayan heat lamps. (He never did manage to find a decent shirt to wear after that wet and wild office party.) Giacomo following Sophie’s bobbling cap all the way, all the way over to a row of hemp hammocks. Giacomo letting out a half Bottom, half Oberon bellow of Every little thing gonna be all right! as he flops his camo cargo pants down on the nearest hammock and leans back with his paws behind his head, his black combat boots swatting a ruddy-beaked seagull out of its totally snobbish beauty sleep . . .
A few indignant squawks later, when the pregnant stilt walker comes lactating over to their hammocks with a bucket of tequila shots on a fishing line, Sophie looks up from her smartphone, unhooks the bucket, opens up her Louis Vuitton handbag, leaves a twenty-dollar bill on the hook, then hands Giacomo a shot.
“To forgetting about tonight,” Sophie taking off her coat and smiling a Salome kind of smile.
“To getting the fuck out of here.”
The two or three coworkers tilt their heads all the way back and swallow.
Wiping her freckly lips, a wine-black lotus flower around the wine-black bullseye on her goldgreen dress, Sophie Strudel takes off her fluffy red boots, wiggles her ten lavender toes in the sand and goes back to tap-a-tapping on her smartphone as Giacomo closes his griffin eyes, burps, burps twice then asks—“Who the fuck was that back there? At that shit show.”
“Oh that crazy bitch. That’s Zoe. We were pretty close at school but she wasn’t like that back then. She was harmless. A little out there, but harmless . . . ” Sophie shrugs, takes another shot. “Looks like she’s gone off the deep end . . . ” Giacomo nodding but not really listening, each word drifting like a catamaran from thought-island to thought-island . . . no cares . . . no worries . . . just this margarita blended breeze . . . Jimmy Buffet strumming away on a six string, Giacomo whistling, Giacomo swinging away on his hammock . . . back and forth . . . back and forth . . . swinging away from all this . . . because we all know it’s definitely five o’ fucking clock somewhere . . .
“Zood evening, ma chérie.”
Still diving with the dolphins Giacomo yawns and slowly looks up at a black Titan, at a tuxedo-donning Shiva, at a 6-foot-6, 245-pound cosmic being.
“Holy fuck!” Giacomo flailing and almost flipping off the hammock.
“Professor! It’s so good to see you!” Sophie up on her tippy-toes, giving the humming obelisk a hug. “How have you been? I don’t think I’ve seen you since graduation. Oh, sorry,” swiveling her greengold lamb eyes. “This is my boss. Giacomo.”
Professor Amís lowers his hairless magnet skull. He hums over the hammock. “Giacomo? But ve have heard of zee Giacomo. Zee are zee Giacomo? Hmm? Zee are zee famous Giacomo? Hmm? Giacomo? Hmm? Famous? Hmm?”
“That’s fucking right,” Giacomo sitting up, growling. “Now tell me who the fuck you’ve been talking to.”
“Ah! Zee has zee energy. Zee has zee spunk. Zat is zood. Zat is very zood indeed,” Professor Amís licking his muscular lips. “Ve like zee spunk. Zes, ve do. Show me zee spunk.”
Sophie laughing, Giacomo grabbing his jacket—“Fuck this. I need some fucking air.” And with his beach day totally ruined, paranoia itching his beard, our favorite superhero abruptly flies off the hammock and stomps out of this fucking sandbox. On principle . . .
Back in the hazy hallway Giacomo snatches one of the torches off the walls and stomps down the zigzagging corridor, looking for the exit, looking at each plaque on each door . . . INVEST IN THE MYSTERY . . . NO PAIN NO GAIN . . . TEA ANYONE? . . . ISAIAH’S COAL AVAILABLE ONLINE FOR A LIMITED TIME ONLY . . . THE REMIX . . . CHOOSE YOUR EXIT.
Growling to himself that at least he found the right fucking word our favorite superhero pounds on the really tall red door . . . A few bleeding knuckles later an albino Asian with prosthetic arms, robotic legs, and a floor-length, fiber optic queue, cracks open the door and points his touchscreen eyes at Giacomo.
“How the fuck do I get out of here?” Giacomo growling, Giacomo definitely not in the mood for any more of this role-playing shit.
Without a sound or a smile the androgynous cyborg teleports back into the thicker than thick darkness, Giacomo stomping after him or her with his torch held high. Sure as fuck about to get some fucking answers. By any means necessary . . . But before our favorite superhero can start questioning and maybe even torturing the bionic ladyboy he trips on a Chinese lantern and faceplants into the Forbidden City—sandalwood incense whirling up his bandaged walnut nose, red banners with gold-leaf characters fluttering all around, the Hall of Supreme Harmony straight ahead, imperial guards watching over priceless porcelain vases and jade figurines, tanks and Taoist temples looming over Tiananmen Square, the Great Wall in the distance, a tapestry of Marco Polo meeting Kubla Khan at his summer palace, a mural of Henry Kissinger giving Mao Zedong a high five . . . Giacomo growling and spitting at this last disgusting image, the albino Asian robot-walking out of one of the circular temples with a pipe in his or her hands. The cyborg kneeling and offering Giacomo a toke . . . Our favorite superhero grunting, remembering what his pops used to always say about being polite. Our favorite superhero taking a really deep drag from the tar-sticky mouthpiece . . . Groaning, groaning twice then falling back on a silk cushion in the shape of an extra-large Pekingese dog. Closing his basilisk eyes. Listening to the opiates swoosh through his bloodstream. Listening to them tickle his nervous system. Tickle his superhairy dick . . . Someone banging on a brass gong . . . Giacomo puffing, puffing away . . . Giacomo bundled inside a vibrating balloon . . . drifting upwards . . . onwards toward that rainbow . . . what worries . . . what problems . . . a laughing up his spine . . . a deep purple bliss . . . a perfectly perfect hard-on . . . because this is like definitely more fucking like it . . .
A really harsh, really rude hum pops this midnight treat.
“Fuck!” Giacomo coughing up smoke and staring up at an obsidian Odin, at a Haitian Osiris. “I swear to fucking God, you better not be fucking following—”
Loosening his tuxedo Professor Amís squats down beside Giacomo. “So zee are zee Giacomo, hmm?”
Giacomo trying his very best to stand up but flailing back down on the cushion. “Where’s Soph?”
“Ah, zee delicious Strudel is down zee stairs. At zee dance party. Zee must join her, hmm. But first ve vould like to talk vith zee. Zes, ve vould.” Professor Amís pauses to take a drag from his personal pipe. “Do zee know vhat this place is?” handing the pipe to Giacomo. “Do zee know vhy ve come here? Vhy zee are here? Do zee know zee vhy? Hmm? Zee vhy?”
“All I fucking know is that this is a fucked up bar,” Giacomo inhaling, Giacomo coughing.
“Ah, zes. Zee are correct. Zee is, as zee Americans like to say, a ‘fucked up bar.’ But zee is much more than zat. Zee is a chance to be a part of something greater than zee. Zee is a monument to zee infinite. Zee is an opportunity to commune vith humanity. Zee is a place to fulfill zee covenant vith zee absolute. Zee is vhere zee special guests come to fuse vith zee limitless music of zee creation. Zee is vhere zee individual meets zee vomb of eternity.”
“Oh yea?” Giacomo taking another really deep drag. “And what fucking sort of fusing do you and your special fucking guests do?”
Professor Amís rests his galaxy-palming hand on Giacomo’s knee, his python fingers slowly working themselves up our favorite superhero’s thigh.
“Don’t even fucking think about it!” Giacomo brushing aside the black snakes and rolling to his feet, pipe in mouth. “You know what you fucking are,” Giacomo exhaling, Giacomo inhaling. “You’re just another fake motherfucker. This whole fucking place,” Giacomo spitting out his pipe, “is filled with fake motherfuckers!”
With a disgusted growl our favorite superhero then turns his back on the humming Mictlantecuhtli, on this forbidden planet, and staggers out into the zigzagging hall, where he grabs another torch off the wall, make that two or three torches, and with his werewolf ears pricked and primed, stumbles after the muffled music now thump-a-thumping from somewhere up ahead . . . Sounds multiplying. Who knows how many plaques rush past . . . HERMAN’S HASH HOUSE . . . NO SMOKE WITHOUT FIRE . . . ANAL’S WAY . . . JURY DUTY . . . THE FACE OF OUR MUSIC. Bingo. Definitely not about to wait around for another fucking costume change Giacomo Jones takes a savage step back, rips open his denim jacket so that his chest curls out, then kicks in the really tall red door and charges through the threshold with torches held high and ready to smite the earth but instead of charging into a Bible-themed party our favorite superhero faceplants down a Vaseline-rubbed slide and spirals, spirals, spirals all the way down into a tub of Silly String . . . Growling, cursing, growling Giacomo crawls out of the tub, a hundred neon-pink strings sticking to his camo cargo pants, to his swollen soul. The music louder than loud Giacomo shoves his way through a beaded curtain which crumbles on contact and scatters a million colors over the floor. Almost slipping, almost bursting with rage our favorite superhero stomps on the fucking glass game and marches out onto an exact replica of the neo-baroque opera box in which he was conceived on that lyrical night his pops finally collected enough trash to take his Mexican mom-to-be out to see Giacomo Puccini’s, La bohème. Whiffs of vertigo tilting his world our favorite superhero grips the guardrail and sweeps his great red dragon eyes over the edge of an enormous pit—a massive sinkhole twentysomething stories deep with a dance floor flickering on and off, on and off at the really faraway bottom . . . Giacomo blinks, blinks twice then zooms in. He zooms all the way in and—uh-oh, he sees his California girlfriend grinding up against some too-cool-for-school motherfucker in a shiny suit. With a silver bowtie. And a Bugs Bunny mask! A shiver of anger bends Giacomo’s spine. He squeezes the guardrail. He squeezes and squeezes until he hears a crack crack—crack. Because is this what he’s been working so hard for? Is this why he listened to his pops and avoided the gangs, the police, the trouble? Is this why he graduated at the top of his class in high school? In college? Is this what his fucking family died for? Is this why he quit Google and started his own truelove company? To see this? This! THIS!
With a “No fucking way!” grunt our favorite superhero wraps himself around the fireman’s pole running straight through the opera box. He takes a really deep breath. Slowly loosens his grip. Slowly starts sliding down, down, down . . . But since he sure as fuck doesn’t have time for any more of this slow fucking shit Giacomo roars and lets her rip—his unbuttoned jacket flapping round and round his arms as he picks up speed and plummets twentysomething stories down to the dance floor like a Chicago-formed meteorite. Like Daffy fucking Duck . . .
Landing on one knee, his shaggy hair blown back and up, his beard itching, our favorite superhero growls and runs and uppercuts the first motherfucker he sees. He kicks, he punches. He punches and kicks his way through the booty popping vermin, the break dancing brutes, the fist pumping fiends, the moonwalking marionettes, the wiggling worms, the wasted bros, the hammered hoes, the tripping phantoms, the rolling parasites, the social climbing leeches, the wallflower creeps—Giacomo Jones kicking and punching a path though the invasive hordes of STDs, HIV, AIDS, ugliness, lust—Giacomo Jones kicking and punching until he finally reaches the pretender, the usurper, the other guy. But then our favorite superhero stops. Scratches his beard. Because what do you like actually say when you finally meet your archenemy? Like how do you start a conversation with your rival? And what if you’re just supposed to let things slide? What if it’s like really not that big of a deal?—Giacomo Jones mulling things over while he watches his California girlfriend grind up against Bugs Bunny, a thousand casualties crying in the background, a thousand sirens wailing . . . Because what if everyone does it? What if it’s a really normal part of life? What if cheating is as much a part of the human condition as, say, death and taxes or whatever? What about that? Huh! What about that!
With a “That may be fucking so but I have my fucking principles and I aims to fucking keep ‘em!” grunt Giacomo Jones elbows Sophie Strudel out of the way (he’ll definitely have a long chat with her doublecrossing ass later), and stares into the face of his most hated adversary. He presses his bandaged walnut nose up against the plastic mask. He chews on the eternal question—yay or nay, or nay yay, or—but then our favorite superhero just smiles a sinister smile. Because he’s remembering where he comes from. Because he’s remembering what he used to do on the South Side. Once upon a very tough time . . . Chicago autopilot on, ghetto guidance system locked on target, Giacomo suddenly snaps his head back and headbutts Bugs Bunny. He follows it up with a right hook to the gut, a left at the liver. He grabs Bugs by the back of the neck, squeezes, and brings the plastic mask down into his rising knee. Bones break, teeth shatter. As Bugs falls to the floor squealing in pain Giacomo brings his black combat boot down and through the back of the skull. The silver suit convulses. Giacomo raises his knee, brings his boot down again, the heavy heel crunching, crunching. The writhing body goes still. Giacomo brings his boot down one more time, the crunch turns to mush . . .
The music stops. Our favorite superhero lifts his boot up off the redbrown putty. He swivels his behemoth eyes round and round the dance floor, a mass of faces staring at him. Wiping a bead of sweat off his bulging bronze forehead Giacomo slowly, slowly turns to look for Soph. But as he turns he feels a horribly horrible squeezing around his neck. And this time he can’t shake himself free! Gasping for air, a million faces watching, a million smartphones recording, our favorite superhero falls to his knees, his superclammy paws clawing and clawing at this THING . . . Giacomo clawing and sinking . . . sinking into the paranoia, the quicksand . . . Up to his leviathan eyes in fear, his life support system totally failing, our favorite superhero uses all of his remaining strength to keep his muzzle above the event horizon just long enough to see his California girlfriend one last time. To see her standing in a corner of the dance floor, texting and—smiling? Our favorite superhero blinks, blinks twice. Then collapses into the blackest hole . . .
A sphere . . . body and mind dispersed across the void . . . a naked feeling . . . a purity of essence . . . the universal crushed within the singularity . . . Eros = Logos . . . Transfiguration.
A really loud, really big bang brings our favorite superhero back. He shakes his shaggy head. A drop of alcohol lands on his bandaged muzzle. He growls and looks up at an inverted pyramid of not-properly-tied trash bags. He strains his neck and catches a glimpse of a ketchup-stained wifebeater and a closing door. His head slams back into a slushy puddle of beer and grease . . .
A few demystifying breaths later our favorite superhero turns on his side, grips the top of the dumpster with a trembling paw, and slowly, slowly rises to his boots . . . Leaning on wet brick Giacomo then stumbles out of the alley tunnel and stumbles to the front of the lightless building. He tries to yank open the superheavy doors. Locked. He pulls out his smartphone and gives his California girlfriend a call. Straight to voicemail. Way too dizzy, way too dizzy, way too dizzy to keep looking for a way in our favorite superhero buttons up his dirtier than dirty denim jacket, sticks his paws into his liquor-soggy pants, and stumbles east . . .
The night sky over the Island Kingdom groggy with a postoperative drizzle, Giacomo Jones stumbles into the park at the 77th Street entrance. Tripping over the smashed remains of a barrier marked for ‘Official Vehicles Only” he stumbles on and off the sleet-hidden trail, pausing every now and then to sleep against a snow-barked tree, to vomit over a bush, to piss on a frozen duck . . . He stumbles in and out of icicle-barbed trenches. He stumbles through battlefields . . .
A few twisted ankles later, a few frostbitten fingers later, a few hypothermic hours later our favorite superhero stumbles out of his chemical stupor and stumbles down a flooded inlet and up a really small bridge. Coughing, sneezing, coughing his way across Giacomo turns his shaggy head to look at the lake—the first morning rays bleaching clean the stagnate swimming pool, all the pretty buildings glittering with chlorine. A glimmer of hope brightening his beard Giacomo reaches for his smartphone and tries again. Because maybe she has reception now. Because maybe she’s out looking for him now. Because maybe she just wants to tell him how much she like totally loves him and obviously always will! Because maybe everything is still going to be perfectly perfect! Maybe maybe! . . . Straight to voicemail. Squeezing as hard as he possibly can, a very familiar tickle-tickle up and down his spine, Giacomo looks across at the city fair—at the vainer than vain duplexes, at the insatiable franchises, the poverty-lined projects. But instead of hurling his smartphone across the lake in righteous disgust, Giacomo Jones calmly drops it with a splash of acceptance, then turns up the dandruff-dotted collar on his extra-large jean jacket, and stumbles on . . .
Breaking out of Central Park a few trees below the Metropolitan Museum of Art our favorite superhero stumbles into the street with two or three fingers held high . . . He eases himself into the cum-sticky leather. He closes his phoenix eyes and tells the turbaned cabdriver to fucking hurry it the fuck over to the fucking airport. Please.