#There Is a World Elsewhere


“Welcome to Omaha, everybody,” the captain’s voice coming in loud and clear over the PA. “The local time is 10:45 am, and the temperature is a feverishly warm, 104 degrees Fahrenheit.” The captain pausing to take a really thirsty swig from her flask, then a really hungry bite out of her green eggs and ham sandwich. “Now don’t forget to stay hydrated out there, folks. And thank you for flying with us today.”
His supersteady paws folded in his lap like some sort of Jainist ascetic or Sufi hermit our favorite superhero yawns, yawns twice then calmly stuffs this trip’s comic book (Preacher, obviously) into one of his camo cargo pockets. Calmly unbuttoning his extra-large denim jacket our favorite superhero lifts himself off his very comfy Business Class seat. Nimble as a jinni he shimmies under the open overhead compartments, shimmies around two or three smartphone-rubbing passengers, and shimmies to the front of the plane where he stops to high-five the stewardess and poke-a-poke his mangy muzzle inside the open cockpit—“Hell of a fucking flight, ladies!” Giacomo Jones giving a double thumbs up to the captain and the snoozing first officer before then turning on his black combat boots and stomp-a-stomping up the retractable walkway. Whistling, grinning, whistling . . .
Not a single wrinkle on his trademark silver sweatpants or on his trademark silver hoodie pouty-lipped Peter Winnerbilt waits for our favorite superhero at the end of the jet bridge, a Civil War-era briefcase in one hand, a Boston Red Sox gym bag in the other.
“Looks like someone had a rough night,” Peter laughing and flaunting his shiny silver hair.
Giacomo scratches his bandaged muzzle. “Fuck no. Greatest night of my fucking life.”
“You sure about that? Looks like you slept in a gutter.”
“Looks like you shouldn’t believe every fucking thing you see,” Giacomo smiling a sinister smile. “That’s rule number fucking one.”
A slight twitch of uncertainty on his cleft chin Peter looks down at Giacomo’s empty paws. “Where’s your luggage?”
“What fucking luggage?”
Another twitch. “Stop messing around. What are you going to wear tomorrow?”
“Don’t fucking know yet. I’ll figure it the fuck out.”
Pouty eyes glinting with exasperation Peter reparts his shiny silver hair, rearranges his aristocratic face back into haughty nonchalance, then leads the way through the florescent terminal—Giacomo following with his paws in his camo cargo pants, whistling and swiveling his Adam eyes from side to side, side to side, whistling and, like just for the fun of it, mentally juxtaposing this airport, Eppley Airfield, with O’Hare and LaGuardia (the only airports he’s ever been to). Because even though this frontier landing strip might not have anything near the frustration, the noise, the tumor-forming agony of those international human stockyards, the same underlying dynamics like definitely do apply. Giacomo whistling and watching a wider than wide spectrum of humans anxiously board flights to Phoenix or Atlanta or Houston or somewhere . . . tall, short, thin, fat, black, white, brown . . . Giacomo whistling and watching all the stages of life disembark flights from Minneapolis or Denver or St. Louis or somewhere . . . toddlers and tweens, teens and preadults, adults and postadults, wheelchairs and coffins . . . Departing, arriving. Departing, arriving. Departing, arriving . . . But what comes before the departure? What comes after the arrival? Giacomo chewing on these timeless thoughts and strolling past the fried chicken food court to the really bright souvenir shop tucked in tight next to a meat emporium known for its carry-on steaks . . . Giacomo browsing through the Omaha postcards, the Omaha shirts and sweaters, the Omaha memorabilia . . .
“I heard you met Zoe last night,” Peter standing behind him and scrolling through his smartphone as Giacomo reaches into his camo cargo pants and pulls out his liquor-soggy wallet.
“Zoe? Oh fuck. You know that crazy motherfucker?” Giacomo pocketing the change and throwing away the receipt while kinda but not really listening to his business partner.
“Yea,” Peter moving his pouty lips, leading the way through the florescent terminal—“we were hooking up for a while. She’s good in the sack but she’s a stage 5 clinger. Had to get rid of her as soon as she started calling the office and threatening to tell my fiancé about us. Wasn’t about to let that happen.” The two or three cofounders stroll up to an escalator, Peter still moving his pouty lips—“Yea, she’s a total train wreck. You should take a look at her profile. I had that lazy Alaskan hick input her in the system so that we’d have some more examples to show tomorrow. Hopefully her psych evaluations won’t scare off investors . . . Almost forgot to ask, how’d the beta test go?”
“Haven’t fucking done it yet,” Giacomo reaching into the neon-pink shopping bag and carefully inspecting his purchase for any defects, any typos. The hungry staircase tumbling beneath them. Swallowing then spitting then swallowing its runaway offspring . . .
“What do you mean you haven’t done it yet! What if there’s a bug or a glitch! What if it doesn’t work!” Peter losing his cool for just the second or third time in thirtysomething years. “There won’t be time before the Presentation! I can’t believe you haven’t tested it! What’s wrong with you! My reputation’s on the line! Don’t they teach you people anything!”
A few light years ahead of him, leaning his extra-large shoulder against the exit door, the heated glass tingling his arm, his fist, Giacomo thinks really hard about punching his business partner and reminding him that he never ever has to worry again about his reputation, or for that matter his finance career. Not after coming into work ridiculously drunk on his thirtieth birthday and calling all his colleagues (and bosses) nothing but a bunch of niggers and Jews and chinks and spicks and peasants and serfs and faggots and dykes! . . . But instead of doing that or saying that our favorite superhero just shakes his mangy muzzle and grins. “They teach us how to fuck,” Giacomo pushing the door open. “Relax, there won’t be no fucking bug. And there won’t be no fucking glitch. Tomorrow’s the biggest day of my fucking life. I ain’t about to fuck it up. No fucking way . . .”
One at a time the two or three cofounders stroll out into the flaring plasma, our favorite superhero leading the way for the first time in his twentysomething life, his Noah eyes blinking at this luminous vista spreading out before him, this braver than brave new world with no thought police, no grime, no lavender chains and no sky-scraping taboos. Just a virgin consciousness for his massive genius to seduce or to be seduced by. Because he doesn’t give one flying fuck anymore if he’s the one in control or not. Doesn’t give one flying fuck anymore if he’s chosen to come here of his own volition, or if, like cockier than cocky Odysseus, our favorite superhero is paying for his Chicago-built pride by being dragged from misadventure to misadventure, with only a supercute, superwise goddess to help him find his way home . . . Either way it sure as fuck doesn’t matter. Because the paranoia, the neurosis, the Island Kingdom—all that’s like totally gone gone gone. All that matters is that Giacomo Jones is here. Now. In the sun . . . Whistling, dancing, whistling our favorite superhero strolls through a crosswalk and rips the teeny-weeny strips of electrical tape off his walnut nose—the magnified light cauterizing his wounds, relieving his bloated soul once and for all. Giacomo Jones farting and whistling his way past the taxis, past the shuttle vans, past the buses to where his preordered ride awaits . . .
“Is this a joke?” Peter rubbing the day’s first sweat off his pouty forehead, rubbing and staring at the polished chrome, the white flames, at the magma-red paint melting under the Omaha sky.
“I don’t fucking joke,” Giacomo strolling over to the passenger side. “And I wasn’t about to rent a fucking sedan. My fucking principles don’t fucking allow it.”
“I didn’t know people had principles in the ghetto,” Peter muttering and reparting his very sweaty but still very shiny silver hair. “Well aren’t you going to drive?”
Our favorite superhero takes off his extra-large denim jacket and tap-a-taps his superhairy chest. “Nah, I got some fucking reading to do. It’s all fucking you . . . ”
The air crackles and hisses as the two or three cofounders slide into the hot rod. Wrapped tight in a leather womb Peter fastens his seat belt and tries to turn the key in the ignition but it just won’t turn. He looks down and to his right. He frowns at Giacomo who just smiles a sinister smile.
“You can fucking drive stick, eh?”
“Of course I can. I’m a Winnerbilt. My first car was a 1957 Mercedes-Benz Gullwing,” Peter pursing his pouty lips as he grips the steering wheel and presses in the clutch then slowly, slowly turns the key in the ignition—the supercharged engine erupting into muscle car combustion, eight cylinders firing up a national anthem of redwhiteblue flames, the dual exhaust rattling, the dashboard humming, the 666-horsepower hot rod easing out of the parking lot then savagely picking up speed through a swaying field of wheat or barley or corn or oat—the colossal sky overhead draped in that sublime shade of Elysian blue only seen on the Discovery Channel in make-believe resolution. A sky without a cloud, without one ephemeral ribbon to district us from this Technicolor vision of blue and gold and the hot rod’s rumbling red . . . Omaha. O-ma-ha. The name pinning itself to this country-western landscape. To this halcyon highway which loses its concreteness among the infinite prairie grass . . .
666 pounds of torque purring up and down his superhairy spine Giacomo props his black combat boots up on the dashboard. “Alright,” he growls. “Let’s fucking see what we’re fucking dealing with here,” flipping through his new guidebook. “Now for your fucking information, Mr. Winnerbilt, the word Omaha means ‘Dwellers on the bluff.’ Got it? Dwellers on the fucking bluff. And it fucking says here that, and I fucking quote, ‘It was a certain French fur trader by the name of Pierre-Charles Le Sueur, who in the year 1700, became the first European to meet and greet the Omaha tribe on the banks of the Big Sioux River. Just a short walk away from what would later become Sioux City, Iowa.’”
Peter shifts into 4th gear. Two or three herds of bison stampede across the windshield. “I don’t see any bluffs or cliffs. This has to be the flattest place on earth.”
“Oh they’re fucking there. You just have to fucking know how to look, Mr. Winnerbilt.” Giacomo licks his superhairy finger, turns the page. “‘In 1804, the Lewis and Clark Expedition, commissioned by President Thomas Jefferson with the goal, among others, to accurately explore and chart the country’s recent Louisiana Purchase from Napoleon Bonaparte, successfully forded the Missouri River near the spot where, in 1854, the fair city of Omaha would be majestically raised from out of the cracked clay of the earth by exhausted, California-dreaming adventurers and pioneers.’”
“What happened to the Omaha?”
“Oh come on, Mr. Winnerbilt—what the fuck do you think happened to them?” Giacomo flipping through the pages. “‘Logan Fontenelle, the eldest son of a French-American fur trader and a respected Omaha tribeswoman, was the official interpreter for the tribe during negotiations,’” Giacomo flipping through the pages, “‘. . . Agent James M. Gatewood, of the U.S. Office of Indian Affairs . . . extraordinary pressure from Washington to ensure unimpeded westward expansion,’” Giacomo flipping through the pages, “‘ . . . ceded control of East Central Nebraska in exchange for annuity payments and U.S. Army protection from Sioux aggression,’” Giacomo flipping through the pages. “Okay, here you fucking go.” Giacomo pauses, growls. “‘Within a few years of the signing of the treaty of 1854, the Omaha were peacefully escorted to the Omaha Reservation.’ And that, Mr. Winnerbilt, is just another fucking day in the U.S. of motherfucking A.”
Peter frowns a pouty frown as he steers the rumbling hot rod up an exit ramp and up into a motionless construction zone with headless hardhats, shovels, saws, mixing trucks with no concrete, bulldozers with no breastplates, yellow cranes like tombstones over the stillborn structures of downtown Omaha . . .
The two or three cofounders pull up to a red light.
“I didn’t realize the airport was so close to the city,” Peter scrolling through his smartphone, whispering, “the hotel should be around here somewhere,” pouty eyes squinting through the asphyxiating sunlight. “That looks like a baseball stadium over there,” the heat drying up his mouth, his lungs. “We should check out a game tomorrow. After the Presentation.”
Deep in his new guidebook Giacomo like definitely doesn’t say anything. He just picks at his beard and turns the page.
“You’re right. It’s way too hot for baseball,” Peter dialing up the air conditioning. “It’s way too hot for anything . . .”
Green light.
Not trees. Petrified years is what they are. Fossilized eons scattered across Omaha’s traffic-free business district. The supercharged V8 chugging along the corporate ghost town, guzzling up the really bright silence . . .
“Things to fucking see in and around fucking Omaha,” Giacomo reading out loud. “‘If one ventures just a couple of miles south of Omaha one is sure to run into the state’s second oldest settlement, the city of Bellevue, Nebraska. Originally established as a trading post, Bellevue is now home to Offutt Air Force Base. The same base where, as some of our older readers may remember, the Enola Gay and Bockscar, the B-29 Superfortresses which dropped the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, were constructed.’” Giacomo turns the page. “‘During the Cold War the base also served as the headquarters for Strategic Air Command,’” Giacomo scratching his mangy muzzle, “‘and perhaps our readers would be interested to know that, from 1960 to 1964, nine intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) were stored at two or three different launch facilities in the Greater Omaha area. Each ICBM capable of delivering a 1.4-megaton, thermonuclear warhead to a target up to 9000 miles away.” Giacomo picks his beard. “Our readers would do well to bear in mind that 1 megaton is equal to 1000 kilotons, and that 1 kiloton is equal to 1000 tons of TNT. To help put the ICBM’s destructive power in perspective, we suggest our readers spend a few quiet seconds reflecting on the following. The bomb which was dropped on Hiroshima, codename Little Boy, denoted with an official yield of 13.1 kilotons, and is estimated to have resulted in over 70,000 immediate deaths. Whereas the bomb which was dropped on Nagasaki, codename Fat Man, although much more powerful than its predecessor (with an official blast yield of 23.1 kilotons), due to Nagasaki’s hilly terrain, and due to the weather over Japan on August 9, 1945, resulted in approximately 40,000 to 60,000 immediate deaths.’”
Giacomo snorts. “Jesus fucking Christ. Can you fucking believe that—‘Little Boy’ and ‘Fat Man’? What were those motherfuckers thinking . . . ”
The air conditioning totally useless, his patrician pores soiled with salt, Peter steadies himself on the steering wheel. He shifts down into 2nd.
Giacomo keeps reading—“‘Visitors to Omaha may also wanna stop by the Strategic Air and Space Museum, and spend a thrilling, fact-filled day admiring the various aircraft and nuclear missiles currently on display. Open seven days a week, the museum is conveniently located along interstate 80 . . .’”
The hot rod steamrolls up to the hotel. Peter shifts into neutral, pulls the handbrake. “Finally,” pouty lips muttering as the two or three cofounders fall out into the core . . .
Air like molasses. Smell of burning tar rising up from the pavement . . .
Dragging his gym bag, his briefcase, Mr. Winnerbilt barely makes it through the rotating glass doors, Giacomo a calm step behind him, picking his beard and reading—“Lincoln, Nebraska, nicknamed the Holy City on account of all of its churches, can be reached by . . .’”
Peter staggering up to the reception desk, banging the service bell, asking himself at what temperature does blue blood boil? . . .
“Sorry about the heat, boys,” the older than old concierge passing them their room keys. “There’s a problem with the air conditioning. Should be fixed by next week.” The grandpa’s head nodding off over the counter, oxygen tubes stuffed up his nostrils, IV bags dripping teasing drops of life into his withered veins, his totally chafed face spotted with birthmarks, ingrown hairs, zits, pimple-popping defiance.
Giacomo laughs and grabs his room key.
“I don’t believe this,” Mr. Winnerbilt moaning. “Is this legal?”
The grandpa turns up his oxygen supply. Licks his tubes and scrapes the wax from his ears. “I don’t know what you mean, sonny. You’ll have to go down to the Dairy Queen to find yourself a gal . . .”
Two or three fainting fits later, Peter drops his gym bag and slouches back against the sizzling elevator, his silver sweatpants baggy with sweat, his trademark hoodie heavier than heavy. Giacomo reading out loud to him as all the invisible floors go broiling by—“Did you fucking know that Omaha has the largest population of Sudanese refugees in the whole fucking country?”
“I don’t care,” Peter rubbing his temples. “I need to lie down before I pass out . . .”
“Jesus fucking Christ. I didn’t know all you motherfuckers were so melodramatic. Here, give me your fucking laptop and just go take a fucking nap or jerk off. I’ll run the fucking test.”
Peter reaches into his briefcase and hands Giacomo an ultrathin laptop. “Thank you,” trying to breathe. “I’ll meet you downstairs for dinner at seven. Please don’t forget to shower and shave. And find some nice clothes for tomorrow.”
Our favorite superhero smiles a sinister smile. “Of course. No fucking problem . . . But did you fucking know that Omaha—”
A 5-star sauna. A burial chamber in the sky. The ultrathin laptop buzzing beside him on the bed. Buzzing and running the beta test next to a sticky mass of tissues while Giacomo’s star-spangled merino wool socks hang happily over the edge . . . the windows open, the blinds drawn shut, a ceiling fan whirling uselessly overhead, an Ancient Egyptian soap opera on the flatscreen TV . . . mummies and pharaohs, Queen Nefertiti struggling against the sun god Ra, Giacomo’s superhairy dick in his supersteady paws, a sparkle of precum on the swollen purple head, a growling in his throat as Anubis and Isis make a guest appearance, as the laptop buzzes, as the truelove algorithm matches profiles to life-or-death scenarios . . .
Two or three tissues, two or three hours later, our favorite superhero calmly rolls off the bed, calmly draws back the shades and leans his bulging bronze forehead against the floor-to-ceiling glass. He wipes the sweat off his Abraham eyes and looks out into this hazy twilight (reddish orange, reddish yellow, reddish black). He looks out and cracks his neck, cracks it twice, realizing with a delicious kiss-kiss up and down his spine that in the last two or three hours he hasn’t coughed or sneezed or puked or nothing! Like not even once! So to celebrate this totally feel-good turn of events Giacomo grabs his Superman boxer briefs off the nightstand, laces up his black combat boots, tears a strip out of the bed sheets, and ties a white sweatband round and round his really shaggy head. Then he slips his room key, his wallet, deep down into his Superman boxer briefs. Whistling, dancing, whistling he strolls out into the hallway with his favorite book at his side. Because he’s like sure as fuck in the mood for a nice long walk . . .
Beige carpet flowing like molten metal under his boots, Giacomo strolling through the abandoned lobby, the concierge missing in action, or maybe just withered out of existence along with all the pretty flowers in all the pretty vases, Giacomo picking at his beard and happily reading his guidebook, strolling out through the rotating doors and strolling down Omaha’s Old Market neighborhood, a neighborhood which had once, according to his trusty ol’ guidebook, been clickety-clanked by horse-drawn carriages, by Wells Fargo stagecoaches . . . Giacomo strolling from covered sidewalk to covered sidewalk, poke-a-poking his sweatband in and out of the rowdy saloons, the cash-only brothels, swiveling his Moses eyes from side to side and watching the pistol-shooting bank robbers flee on horseback, two or three bodies embalmed in dust, telegraph operators finger-tapping for help, the sheriff dead, his deputies dying, the federal marshal a week’s ride away, vigilante posses swearing vengeance, bad boy bounty hunters haggling over the reward money, seven-day manhunts, thirty-second gunfights at the O.K. corral . . . Comanche. John Wayne. Good ol’ Clint keeping the undertaker busy . . .
Whistling, sweating, whistling our favorite superhero closes his book and tap-a-taps his chest. He looks up and studies the digital string unspooling a few feet above his mangy muzzle. He nods, nods twice and reaches down deep into his Superman boxer briefs. He pulls out his liquor-soggy wallet and strolls inside . . .
An extra-large soda, an extra-large popcorn, and an extra-red slushie cradled in his arms like a litter of extra-sweet puppies, Giacomo strolls into the empty theater, happy, happy as a Chicago street fighter could ever be . . . He plops himself down in the middle seat of the middle row, his black combat boots propped up on the seat in front, a pair of 3D glasses balanced on his walnut nose, the air conditioning rearranging his scruffy ruffian’s face into a toddler’s toothless giggle. Because this is like definitely as good as it fucking gets . . .
The opening sequence is an orgy of cremation, countless cities incinerated by great balls of fire, suburbs in smoke, oceans vaporized, Giacomo burping and realizing that he’s fucking missed the previews! But wait a second, hold on, what’s this, for the first time in his twentysomething life, Giacomo Jones doesn’t, doesn’t give one flying fuck about missing the previews! Oh boy, oh jeez, not one flying fuck . . . Giacomo stuffs his bushy brown snout down deep into the bag of buttery kernels. Giacomo munches and burps and watches one really lucky ship escape the apocalyptic inferno—the ship sailing into deeper than deep space, its massive hull slick and sharp against the all-pervading emptiness . . . Chewing on two or three straws Giacomo closes his Elijah eyes and sees himself whistling and dancing down those cavernous corridors. Sees himself whistling and dancing with his mom, his pops, his older brothers and baby sis. Sees them all leaving this smoldering planet behind and fluttering like one impossibly beautiful metal butterfly through the quiet, quiet aether. Giacomo groaning and slurping on his soda. Because his childhood friends are up there too. He sees them all just the way they were before they got taken away from him by the drugs, the gangs. He even sees his college friends. Sees them just the way they were before they got taken away from him by the 21st century. Giacomo groaning and slurping on his redder than red slushie. Because his entire generation is up there too. He sees them all just the perfectly perfect way they were down at Occupy Wall Street for two or three cynic-converting months . . . And of course, Giacomo groaning, Giacomo slurping, he sees himself whistling and dancing up and down that massive ship with his one truelove. With me with me with me! . . . But where are we going? Where is the ship heading? Well that like definitely doesn’t matter. Because all that matters is that we’re sure as fuck leaving these hand-me-down ruins behind. This ossified inequality. This mass-produced despair. We’ll let it all burn. Use it as fuel for the long journey toward that totally blank canvas. Because we’re gonna paint a new picture of humanity. One that’s easy on the soul and doesn’t ever ever—ever fade . . . And the doubters? The disbelievers? The ones who say we’ll never get there. That there is no such place. Well what about ‘em? The ship’s too far ahead, the signal’s too faint. We’ve passed the rings of Saturn and we ain’t accepting no collect fucking calls from no sexless skeptics! . . . And even if we could hear ‘em, the ship’s like definitely not about to turn back. It’s not about to stop after all this progress. So I say, we say, let the others stay on the ground. Let ‘em choke-a-choke on the ashes of history if that’s what they really want. Because nothing’s going to stop this supercute butterfly from finding a way there. Oh she’ll find a way. Or make one . . . Giacomo groaning and rubbing the buttery kernels all over his superhairy chest, eyes closed, eyes totally closed as the 7.1 surround sound vibrates his insides . . . the words drifting in and out, in and out . . . coolant system leaking . . . reactor meltdown imminent . . . a traitor on board . . . abandon ship! . . . two or three totally cramped escape pods . . . passengers glaring at each other, plotting their revenge . . . but was it him? her? you? me? . . .
“Excuse me, sir,” someone poke-a-poking themselves in and out of the spaceship, “I’m going to have to ask you to leave. I don’t know who let you in here looking like that. But you have to go.”
Calmly lifting himself up off the seat, kernels trapped in his beard, tangled in his buttery chest curls, our favorite superhero rubs the soda-slush from his John the Baptist eyes. He growls at the security guard. “Are you fucking sure this is what you fucking want? Do you think this is going to fucking help you? Do you think this fucking job is going to fucking save you when I fucking come?”
“If you just get your stuff and go, I won’t call the cops.”
“Fine,” Giacomo calmly picking up his guidebook and his extra-large bag of popcorn, “have it your fucking way. But when I fucking come, I’ll be sure to look for your fucking ass,” our favorite superhero strolling out of the movie theater with his Chicago dignity held high . . .
Wait a second, hold on, are those red lights? Are those blue lights? Are those—sirens! FUCK SHIT FUCK! It’s a John Dillinger-style ambush! Oh that Brutus! That Judas!
Seven billion Tasers pointed at his Superman boxer briefs, Giacomo Jones takes a really quick second to wish upon a South Side star, then tosses up his extra-large bag of buttery popcorn with a “Fuck all you fascist motherfuckers!” rebel yell that sends squad cars flipping, swat teams cringing—our favorite superhero pivoting on his black combat boots and diving down an alley tunnel . . . Bang bang!—he swerves and dodges—Bang bang!—he swerves and dodges—Bang bang!—he swerves and dodges and charges off into this night with no end. No cooldown switch or off button or nothing nothing nothing! Giacomo leaping and leaping from coal-hot boardwalk to coal-hot boardwalk, the Old Market aglow with radioactive fallout, turn of the century waste, post-Chernobyl isotopes and weapon’s grade uranium—Giacomo leaping and leaping all the way out past the moon-stricken construction site to where the coyotes creep and the spirits feast on the carcass of the things that might have been . . . Grinning like a cracked out Cheshire cat, his DNA tingling, his guidebook held up to his human heart, our favorite superhero takes a quicker than quick breather in a chicken coop or a pigsty or a manger or in one of those animal farm kinda places . . . Giacomo wiping his unibrow and raising his Jesus eyes. Because what the fuck’s that up ahead? Could it be a cliff? a ridge? a bluff! Giacomo wading through a waist-high patch of prairie then climbing up two or three boulderlike bleachers. Climbing all the way up past the nosebleed seats to where the toxic comets weep and the nightingales breed . . . Giacomo Jones climbing to the top of his world and staring out at a burnt black wasteland with no trees, no farms, no cuter than cute sheep—the desolation just stretching and stretching and doing nothing but stretching until it like totally blurs away into myopic vagueness at our mind’s end . . . Giacomo standing with his supersteady paws on his Superman boxer briefs, sirens wailing somewhere in the distance, the distance, the distance. Giacomo chewing on the eternal question—yay or nay, or nay yay, or—but since we’re all definitely way, way past that, Giacomo calmly, calmly spits over his world. Spits twice. Then swallows away the trail of possibility. Because tomorrow’s like definitely the biggest day of his twentysomething life. Because it’s like definitely time for him to pull that fucking trigger and be all he can be . . . A sinister smile on his mangy muzzle, his Muhammad eyes staring off into a totally blank canvas our favorite superhero sticks an alien paw down his boxer briefs as the sublunary wind tries its very best to untie the triple-knotted tips of his sweatband. Giacomo groans and flicks the superhairy dice as far as he possibly can. Then jumps . . .
“Ladies and gentlemen. Please bear with me for a moment—and close your eyes. I wanna take you back in time. I want each of you to remember your first kiss. I want each of you to remember that tickling sensation you felt up and down your spine when your juicy lips first met another pair of juicy lips. Remember that surge of excitement. Remember that wet promise of undying perfection . . . Now hold that kiss, and picture your first breakup. Feel all those snakes in the pit of your stomach. Feel them squirm right under your bellybutton. Feel them eating away at your fairy tale ending . . . Okay, now what if I told you that you could live a life filled with only first kisses. A life without dissatisfaction. Without resentment. What if I told you that each of you here today could live a life of undiminishing potential? Because isn’t that what truelove really is? The feeling that the best is yet to come. That all of this is only the beginning of something extraordinary. Something delicious . . . What if, ladies and gentlemen, you could feel this orgasmic optimism every second of every minute of every hour of every day? Now wouldn’t that be something? Now wouldn’t that be something worth investing in?”
A spacious, wood-paneled boardroom. An elliptical conference table. Printed slides and highlighted excel sheets. Three-ring binders and one mesmerizing projection screen.
“Of course, you’re probably telling yourself that this is all nice and swell and everything, but you’re not in the business of nice and swell. Well, believe you me—neither am I. If I were sitting in your seats, listening to all this liberal hogwash, I’d demand to see our five-year plan. I’d demand to see our key metrics and our go-to-market strategy. I’d demand to see the data for Christ’s sake! . . . Well you don’t have to worry, because my business partner right here is just itching for the chance to show you as much data as it takes to convince you that investing in Beloved Entropy is not only the prudent, not only the profitable—but is the necessary thing for you to do with your hard-earned money . . . But first, first I want each of you to ask yourselves how many people do you personally know who wouldn’t be more than willing to pay just a small monthly subscription fee to be completely broken out of their boring lives and rebuilt into a life of uninterrupted passion? Because that’s what we offer with Beloved Entropy. We offer you the chance to be matched with the one scenario that’s guaranteed to take you to your edge, whatever that edge may be—and beyond it. We promise to break you mentally, physically, and emotionally. It doesn’t matter how smart or tough you think you are. Everyone breaks . . . But you won’t be alone. No, you’ll be able to watch someone else suffer just as much as you’re suffering. You’ll watch them break. And they’ll watch you break. And then, once you’ve been stripped down to the buttery kernel of the self, you’ll have the choice of either fusing with someone who’s seen you at your lowest and who wants to help rebuild you with a lifetime of rapturous sex. Or. Or you can die . . . Now who wouldn’t be more than willing to pay just a small monthly subscription fee for something like that?”
Clapping. So much clapping.
“Thank you. Thank you very much . . . Now to provide you with a brief overview of our proprietary algorithm, let me present to you Beloved Entropy’s data guru—Mr. Giacomo Jones!”
One human hand in his camo cargo pants our favorite superhero calmly, calmly spins away from the floor-to-ceiling windows, and like an intercontinental ballistic missile raised into firing position, quietly stands up, and quietly, quietly presents his very hard cock. He slaps the superhairy payload down on the conference table. He slaps it twice.
“Ladies and fucking gentlemen!” vocal chords igniting, papers and pens scattering. “Ladies and fucking gentlemen this planet is fucked and we’ve got to get the fuck off before it’s too fucking late! We’ve got to save our immortal fucking souls!” Giacomo eyes raging, raging with Chicagoland glory—“So which one of you motherfuckers wants to come with me! Ey! I said which one of you motherfuckers wants to come with me! Ey! I said which one of you motherfuckers wants to fucking come!” our favorite superhero groaning and squeezing a massive swirl of everyman-blue, prophetic-red, salvation-yellow semen out of his very hard cock. Squeezing and squeezing till he’s colored in a “Giacomo Jones swallows Peter Pan” cartoon all over his business partner’s shiny suit, all over his silver bowtie. Squeezing and squeezing till he’s given the Fortune 500 boardroom a revolutionary paint job. Squeezing and squeezing till he’s purged the earth of all its postmodern sin and there’s nothing left inside him but a softer than soft whisper. A whisper which then flutters out the floor-to-ceiling windows to where its preordered ride awaits . . .
Fasten seatbelts. Activate navigation system.
“I’m still waiting for a thank you. You have no idea how many favors I had to call in so that they wouldn’t press charges. All you have to do is never ever show your face in Omaha again. That shouldn’t be a problem, right?”
Maintain radio silence. All systems go.
“I didn’t think so. Don’t worry, that’s all I’m going to say about the whole thing. I don’t wanna ask you about it. I don’t even wanna think about it. Just drive us back to the hotel so that we can pick up our bags and get the hell out of this desert.”
Main engine start.
“I think it goes without saying that I can’t have anything to do with you from here on out. I’ll be moving forward with Beloved Entropy on my own. But since you did somehow manage to get the algorithm up and running, I’m not going to ask you to pay me back the money I loaned you. Just consider your stake in the company forfeited.”
Manually release yourself from your material conditions. Engage 1st gear.
“We also need to talk about Sophie. I was going to tell you at dinner last night, but you were already off doing whatever it is you people do . . . Point is, Sophie and I have been seeing each other on and off since she joined the team.”
Reconfigure transponder to receive only 80’s and 90’s hip hop transmissions.
“Turn that down. I’m not in the mood to listen to your thug music . . . Point is, now that they’ve offered Sophie a part on the Pizza Boy Show or whatever the hell it’s called, I’m thinking about telling my fiancé about us. Who knows, maybe we’ll even move in together. I don’t think my fiancé would mind, and I’ve always wanted to have an actress for a girlfriend. Even if it’s only a TV actress . . . Listen, Giacomo—I’m sorry. I really am. But we can’t all be Winnerbilts. That’s just not the way the cookie crumbles. Some of us are just Jones. Just plain old Jones . . . Point is, Sophie and I are a better fit. We’re much more compatible. I’ve already asked her old man to take a look at my real estate portfolio.”
Jettison the cargo of morality.
“After thinking about it some more, it makes sense that the algorithm matched you and Zoe up. You both don’t know how to adapt. You’re just a rebel without a cause who doesn’t realize how ridiculous his principles are. And she won’t let go of her infantile notions of what life after college is supposed to be . . . Why don’t you try to be a little bit more like me? I made it through my twenties just fine. I didn’t turn them into a life-or-death scenario. I thought I told you not to get on the highway. We need to stop by the hotel.”
Increase speed to 80 mph. Leave your narcissism in the rearview mirror.
“Easy, I don’t feel like dealing with any of these state trooper morons.”
Switch off the social contract. 90, 105, 110 mph.
“What the hell are you doing—slow down!”
115, 125, 130 mph. Disengage existential boosters. Zero in on your hubris.
“I said slow down!”
135, 140, 145 mph. Pick your kryptonite. Embrace the ecstasy. Smile a sinister smile.
“Watch out!”
Become an idea. A legend.
. . .