#Warehouse Life Episode VI: Contact


Twentysomething breaths down under the Queensboro Bridge, where the Island Kingdom swirls into homogenous obscurity, ugly florescent lights are flickering on and off, on and off like swaying cigarette lighters at a classic rock concert, at a sold-out arena, the steel ceiling gushing tears of unrequited rust as a lone guitar shrieks, as a double bass drum pummels itself to grief, as a hopelessly romantic power ballad serenades the massive ship with the screwball sorrows of young Zoe—the girl who would be famous. The peeping tomboy who would like definitely definitely be richer than rich . . .
Strapped tight to that wobbly wooden chair with a neon-pink messenger harness, wearing her favorite sweater (coffee stripes, buttery popcorn stripes), her jeans totally ripped and smeared with city jetsam, city flotsam, Zoe Dreamstein sips on a skunked beer and watches the shock and awe offensive against the drywall favelas literally kickoff with a roundhouse kick, with two or three roundhouse kicks and a sledgehammer’s steady thud—a screeching chainsaw forcing itself through the plywood shingles, through the toothpick frame, a heavy broomstick sweeping up sawdust anthills, yeast cities, mouse turd constellations, tomato purée stalagmites, prehistoric liquor bottles, unidentified beer cans and bodies and bodies of really dirty but also really innocent clothes which cling to the heavy bristles like the flea-braided locks of some sort of Rastafarian mop or Rapunzel-like rake—the unwashed casualties brutally dragged this way and that across the Warehouse floor . . . sponging up the tar pits . . . this way and that . . . sponging up the olive oil reservoirs . . . this way and that . . . Zoe sipping on a skunked beer, listening to the one-hit wonder Nymphomaniacs, and bearing witness to this self-obliteration of what was once a home, a life, a post-Che Guevara paradise. Nostalgia like definitely setting in. Fermenting with each bitter gold sip . . .
Like a time-traveling pilgrim exiting an unlivable hot zone in climate-contaminated Jakarta (AD 2029), or a firebombed slaughterhouse in Dresden (AD 1945), Dylan wiggles his skinny stomach out of one of the condemned cabañas and pulls his gas mask off. He reaches behind his ear and pulls out a hand-rolled cigarette, then turns away from the Destruktion and walks over to the wobbly wooden chair, sledgehammer in hand, a gaping glory hole gaping overhead.
“What’s going on, Zoe?” he yawns, the hand-rolled cigarette dangling from his laughing lips. “You haven’t stopped by in a while.”
Lost in the middle of a supersmall sip, the water stretching toward her sneakers, Zoe nods and sighs. “I know, right? I’ve been like ridiculously busy with my film school application or whatever you wanna call it. I haven’t even had time to eat or think or nothing. I like seriously don’t know who I am anymore.”
Dylan drops the sledgehammer. Holds out a skinny hand. “That’s been known to happen . . . How’d the movie turn out?”
“Who knows,” Zoe tossing Dylan a beer from the six-pack at her feet. “I think the whole thing might be a huge bust. Just a whole lot of wasted time . . .”
“Sounds like a bummer,” Dylan slapping his skinny stomach, tilting his laughing head back and chug-a-chugging then throwing the beer across the massive hull. Totally missing the trashcan. Shrugging.
Zoe pulls at that same knot of frizzy hair. She shivers as the water churns round and round her little socks. “It’s like definitely a bummer. A big bummer . . . How’s your grad school application coming along?”
“Oh that,” Dylan blowing a perfectly perfect smoke ring up toward the really high ceiling. “That’s on the backburner for now. I’ve got way too much going on. Too much to think about. I can’t waste my mind getting ready for the GRE. Especially not when it’s a well-known fact that taking a standardized test permanently lowers your IQ by 10 points . . .” Dylan yawning his way over to the makeshift gym. Dylan lifting a dumbbell off the floor, giving it a curl, giving it two or three curls on his way over to the “kitchen” to fix himself something to eat while Zoe stares at the disintegrating superstructure in front of her—jagged pieces of industrial-strength plywood dangling dangerously over the homemade huts, the drywall looking like a decomposing dinosaur with masticated wounds, festering orifices. All the cardboard entrails spilling out like spaghetti and revealing the whale-sized ribs of some half extinct, half forgotten Demiurge or Demogorgon or Deus . . . Zoe drinking her drinky and pulling at her frizzy hair as a pair of purple rain boots strides out of the hut furthest to the left (from Zoe’s perspective, obviously)—Wylie striding into the indoor clearing sweaty back first and tugging at a sheetless mattress. A mattress which he then yanks and throws in front of the wobbly wooden chair.
Wiping the sweat off his malnourished face Wylie plops himself down and rests his elbows on the cum/blood/urine stains.
Wylie clears his throat. “What’s up with you?”
“Ugh, not much. I was just telling Dylan here how I can like pretty much say goodbye to all my Hollywood dreams because I like obviously have some kind of virus or bacteria or genetic disorder which like never ever lets me finish anything which means my life’s like totally over and I might as well be totally dead,” Zoe grabbing another beer from the six-pack at her feet, the water roiling up past her shins.
“Ha! Sounds like someone’s in the dumps,” Wylie laughing, Wylie plucking clumps and clumps of linty bread flour out of his malnourished belly button. “You need to lighten up, Zoe. You’re in your twenties. I’m sure you’ll make it to Hollywood if that’s what you really want. Just be happy. Things will work out. They always do.”
“Uh, okay, that’s what Precious keeps saying. But it’s like definitely not as easy as all that. I mean the whole thing’s just a mess. A big mess. And it’s like definitely not Hollywood material. The plot’s too—too something. I don’t even know what it is anymore. But it’s obviously not Hollywood material, that’s for sure.”
“Fuck Hollywood,” Dylan yawning over the screeching chainsaw, his laughing head rummaging about in the broken mini fridge. “It’s a fact that they’re nothing but a bunch of apolitical sellouts over there. Just a bunch of mainstream neocons. Fuck ‘em all.”
Wylie frowns and wipes the sweat off his malnourished chest. “Don’t listen to him. He’s not a serious person. He doesn’t understand that we, as Americans, as college graduates, have a moral obligation to transform society. To expand the consciousness of the human race. To bridge the gap between the way things are, and the way things must be. And that means not, I repeat, and that means not turning reality into a cliché joke,” Wylie picking his malnourished nose, Wylie clearing his throat. “You should take a page out of this Don DeLillo novel I’ve been reading. It’s about this professor of Hitler studies who gets caught up in a matrix-bending toxic event. But what’s important is that this professor says all plots spiral deathwards. So maybe all you have to do to get to Hollywood is—”
The classic rock and the screeching chainsaw abruptly cut out. An obnoxiously loud kazoo-buzz echoes and echoes off the Warehouse walls . . .
“What was that!” someone screaming with glee.
Wylie’s face flashes red, danger-red. Wylie grits his teeth and lurches forward on the mattress, his jaw clamped tighter than tight, his jugular bulging as Syd scrambles down the aluminum ladder, hobbit-hopping over to the wobbly wooden chair with a chainsaw held high in his giggling hands.
The ugly florescent lights flicker on and off, on and off. A gaping glory hole gapes . . .
Standing over the mattress, more than likely belligerently drunk, Syd crosses the chainsaw across his vampire-pale chest, spits out the plastic kazoo, pushes his gas mask further up over his forehead, then slowly, slowly peers down at Wylie. He giggles. “What was that, my dear?”
“Nothing,” Wylie trembling, Wylie shuddering. “Don’t worry about it.”
“Oh I think I will worry. I think I should worry. Now what’s all this I hear about Don DeLillo?”
“It’s nothing. I said don’t—”
“Now let me tell you what this genius I know said about Don DeLillo,” Syd resting the chainsaw on his left shoulder, Zoe snorting beer all over her favorite sweater, Dylan laughing quietly over a metal pot, Wylie pressing his malnourished fists down into the mattress, hissing—“I really don’t care. No one really cares!”
“Now this genius told me that the thing about Don DeLillo is that he’s always trying to impose his dehumanizing philosophy on the reader, and that all of his characters are pretty much exactly the same and they’re basically just one-dimensional vehicles for his metaphysical musings. Plus my genius friend told me that this whole spiraling deathwards business is just a crowd-pleasing scam to sell more books. Because everyone who’s anyone knows that all plots actually spiral into madness and that’s why—”
“Please shut the fuck up right now!” Wylie’s voice cracking, “Just shut the fuck up! You and you’re genius friend don’t know shit about shit—about shit! Don DeLillo is arguably the greatest American writer since Thomas Pynchon. You obviously just don’t get him and probably never will. But all I wanna know is who does this genius friend of yours actually like? Tell me. Is there anyone—anyone at all who passes the genius test!”
“As a matter of fact there is. One person.” Syd switches the chainsaw from his left to his right shoulder.
“Who?”
“David Foster Wallace.”
“Oh my God!” Wylie gasping, Wylie’s chest burning with hives. “How predictable. How pretentiously predictable. Kill me now. Just kill me now!”
Dylan snorts and looks up from the semifunctional hot plate, bent fork in one hand, 25-pound dumbbell in the other, a new hand-rolled cigarette on his laughing lips.
“Sorry, Wylie,” he yawns, graywhite ash drifting down into the metal pot. “But I think Syd might be on to something. It really is an undisputable fact that Mr. DeLillo has a very self-aware, almost Socratic approach to dialogue. That’s true. That’s beyond questioning. And it’s precisely because of this approach that every character in Mr. DeLillo’s multiverse may at times come off as being some sort of extraterrestrial flâneur with Asperger’s, who for some interdimensional reason can’t seem to ever get over the inherent contradictions of life on earth. This is a fact.” Dylan pauses to shove a forkful of orangebrown goo into his mouth. “Actually, I wouldn’t even say Mr. DeLillo’s work has anything that could pass for real human conversation. Nope. I’d say it just has a bunch of alien aphorisms . . . But hey, there’s nothing wrong with that.”
“What!” Wylie choking, Wylie about to have a stroke, “How can you—”
Dylan yawns over him. “And I would have to agree with Syd’s friend, the genius, in regards to Mr. Wallace indeed becoming a sort of Prometheus figure for our Y generation. For American literati in general. This is a fact. What’s also a fact is that the hero worship of Mr. Wallace is less a byproduct of Infinite Jest, that incandescent accomplishment, as it is a legacy of the remarkable commencement speech Mr. Wallace delivered at Kenyon College in the spring of 2005. Where he reminded all of us that this. That this is water . . .”
Pulling at her frizzy hair and wobbling on the wobbly wooden chair Zoe hiccups. Zoe hiccups twice. “What about women? Don’t you guys like ever read any women? Or how about anyone who’s not like your typical, middleclass, white American male?” Zoe chug-a-chugging her drinky, the water seething up through her totally ripped jeans. “And why do you guys always have to argue about who the greatest or who the best is? Everything’s not a competition. You know there’s like way more to life than just comparing yourself to others.”
A really loud silence now. During which Syd picks up his plastic kazoo, puts on his gas mask, primes the engine, pulls the starter rope, pulls two or three times and with the chainsaw sputtering awkwardly, dangerously into action, hobbit-hops back over to the shantytown shire and up the aluminum ladder.
Zoe yells over the screeching saw, over the classic rock—“Have you seen Giacomo?”
Wylie shakes his malnourished head and lifts himself off the mattress. “No, not for a while. Last thing we heard he was going on a business trip. To Afghanistan or something.” Wylie striding over to the makeshift library of moldy paperbacks, Wylie picking up the third-most relevant title (relevant to twentysomething life, obviously), a blood-dripping copy of The Varieties of Religious Experience: A Study in Human Nature by William James.
“Not Afghanistan,” Zoe pulling at her frizzy hair, trying her very best to lift her superlong legs out of the rising tide—“Omaha. But yea that’s what I’m worried about. I think something happened to him over there. Something bad. Or maybe it happened here. I don’t know. It’s like really hard to tell . . .”
Skinny fingers scooping bits of orangebrown goo out of a metal pot Dylan walks back over to the wobbly wooden chair. He hands Zoe the Pizza Boy special—instant mac and cheese, chopped chorizo, baked beans peppered with ash. “What are you talking about?” Dylan lighting up another hand-rolled cigarette. “I’m sure Giacomo’s fine. He’s not the type not to be fine. I bet he’s living the dream on a nice California beach with a nice California girl.”
Zoe stares down into the cheesy looking glass. “California . . . California,” swirling the orangebrown goo round and round with her pinky finger. “You’re right,” she whispers down to the oracle in the pot, “this is all that stupid slut’s fault.”
“What?”
“Nothing.” Zoe pulls her pinky finger out, wipes it on her favorite sweater, then picks up another beer from the six-pack at her feet. She slams the cap off against the edge of the chair.
“Nothing at all,” smiling a sinister smile. “So when are you guys going on your yoga road trip or whatever?”
Chewing on a pepperoni pizza crust, reading his heavy book, Wylie strides back over to the wobbly wooden chair and plops himself down on the mattress. Wylie takes his purple rain boots off and clears his throat. “Actually, Zoe, there’s been a change of plans. I don’t know if anyone’s told you yet . . . but we’re kind of a big deal. A huge deal. We went viral as soon as we posted our video diary on life in the Warehouse. We’ve already got like ten million Twitter followers. And now they’ve offered us a web series plus a TV show. That’s why we’re tearing everything down. The Warehouse has to be completely gutted before they can start working on the set. They’re going to rebuild the whole thing with soft, ‘humanproof’ plastic. They’ll be microphones embedded in the walls, cameras in the ceiling—all that kind of stuff. They also want us to get the Pizza Boy van up and running again. Which means we have to fix the ovens, probably buy new generators. Load up on gas. On cheese . . .”
Zoe gulps. Zoe lifts her superlong legs out of the water and squeezes her drinky. “Sounds like fun. Do I get a part?”
A rash of embarrassment on his malnourished chest Wylie clears his throat again. “Sorry, Zoe. We tried to convince them but they said you couldn’t be counted on. They said you were too erratic and you might freak out on set . . . I think you know your replacement. It’s that girl Giacomo was seeing. Sophie. She said you guys were friends at school.”
Zoe grits her chipped teeth. Zoe squeezes her drinky. But before Zoe has a chance to say how much she like actually hates that two- or three-timing skank and how much she like totally rues the day, the hour, the horribly horrible second they met at freshman orientation! Syd takes off his gas mask and blows another obnoxiously loud kazoo-buzz which echoes and echoes off the Warehouse walls . . .
Climbing back down the aluminum ladder with a fat joint clamped tight between his giggling teeth Syd hobbit-hops over one of Wylie’s aborted furniture fetuses (half ottoman, half bunk bed). He hobbit-hops over to Mordor.
“Alright, time to get serious,” Syd dropping the screeching chainsaw. “What are we doing for New Years? I heard they’re having a special two for one special at the Drunken Clinamen. Which is great because I’ve got a bag of fun that we need to finish before the ball drops,” Syd taking a really deep drag on the joint. “It’s going to be a big night. We need to be grateful. We need to be grateful that we’ve finally made it! It’s our time! We need to celebrate like celebrities! We need to get matching pizza tattoos and get laid!”
Standing behind the wobbly wooden chair Dylan reaches behind his ear and pulls out another hand-rolled cigarette. He yawns. “I don’t know if you boys realize or not, but New Years Eve parties—and collective celebrations in general—are pretty much responsible for most, if not all of the mass hysterias throughout recorded history. It’s an undisputable fact that every time there’s a crowd there’s a Judgment Day delusion going around. Especially when drugs and tattoos are involved.”
Hobbit-hopping away from the screeching, the spinning chainsaw Syd coughs up a mushroom cloud of evergreen smoke and snatches the pot of mac and cheese out of Zoe’s shrinking lap. “Don’t be such an asshole. Everyone knows that after a bad day at the office drugs and tattoos are the only things that stop people from going streaking in the streets with a strap-on dildo and a cardboard sign promising the imminent arrival of the Messiah or the Mahdi or the Rapture. And besides, without a little substance abuse, history never would have got that killer record deal in the first place!”
“Please don’t say things like that,” Dylan blowing a perfectly perfect smoke ring up toward the really high ceiling, Zoe hugging her supersore knees to her shrinking chest, the water bubbling up over the wobbly wooden chair, the water bubbling up past her neon-pink seatbelt.
“How can you guys live like this?” Zoe sucking the crumbs off her wrinkly thumb.
Orangebrown goo giggling down his chinny chin chin Syd runs a hand through his thinning hair and swivels his head from the front of the massive ship to the back of the massive ship. He clamps down on the joint. He takes a really deep drag and stares at the very open kitchen, at the petri dish bathroom. He swivels his head and stares at the gym, at the library of recycled paperbacks. He takes another really deep drag, staring hard, real hard at the two or three little bedrooms under deconstruction . . . Satisfied with what he sees Syd nods up at the ugly florescent lights flickering on and off, on and off. He swivels his head back to the wobbly wooden chair.
“Yea, we get that a lot,” Syd coughing up another mushroom cloud of evergreen smoke. “But it’s really not that bad once you get used to all the dust.”
Zoe spits out a dandruff snack and shakes her frizzy head no. “I’m not talking about that. I’m talking about the water. Why don’t you guys ever do something about the water?”
“What water?”
“What do you mean what water!” Zoe kicking and screaming as the water surges up past her teeny-weeny neck. “This water!”
The Pizza Boyz look at each other. The Pizza Boyz look down at the Warehouse floor.
“Oh you mean—this water,” the Pizza Boyz laughing, the water rushing into Zoe’s beak, the water tumbling out of her suburban ears, the water shooting up her fuzzy snout, the water gurgling down her tiny throat, the water pouring out of her tail, the water flowing in and out of her scarecrow hair, the water blowing up her hungry little spirit. The water. The water blowing up her hungry little spirit. The water. The water blowing up her hungry little spirit. The water.