#Go Pawn It on the Mountain


Responding to a ‘possible shots fired’ call an NYPD squad car floats down the darkness visible of 23rd Street—a harsher than harsh spotlight swiveling from side to side, side to side across Manhattan’s unrepentant underbelly. On the look out for that one extremist thief, or that one antiestablishment cannibal, or that one symbol-trafficking drug lord who could and would and I say like definitely should bring the Island Kingdom to its numbered knees . . . With a flicker of suspicion the searchlight stalls and lingers over ten turdlike tippy-toes . . . the tippy-toes twitching, twitching away from the light like bashful roaches. The patrol car pump-a-pumps the breaks. Waits for the spotlight to creep-a-creep up the frozen sidewalk. Up the ankles and shins. Up the superlong legs . . . And curled up in an alley tunnel, underneath a leaky dumpster, what else but a twisted homunculus, a broken spider’s lamb—a girl in a white and blue striped sweater, greasy scarecrow hair, totally ripped jeans, frog eyes the size of eight balls, lips darker than the darkest dingleberries . . .
“Hey—hey you okay there?” a gruff voice breathes out of the squad car. “It’s not safe around here. Go home. Now!”—the command ripping through the 3 am shadows, sulfur-winged bats screeching in and out of the alley tunnel, the moon giggling then vanishing beyond the blackness without a friendly crescent or a hopeful half-moon or a totally auspicious full moon or a nothing nothing nothing that might like bring a little bit of luck to the supertalented girl on the superchilly ground. To the supertalented girl with a Jolly Roger bolo tie around her neck and a red pocketknife tucked away in her back pocket. To the supertalented girl now turning on her side, gripping the top of the dumpster with a trembling claw, and slowly, slowly lifting herself up in front of the green screen . . .
Leaning on wet brick our favorite dreamer rubs her surprisingly not blurry viewfinders as the spotlight sweeps over the esoteric graffiti spray-painted above her scarecrow head.
“Are you sure you don’t need help?”
Shaking her heavy head Zoe picks up her canvas tote bag and peers inside. But nothing. Like not one thing. Because aside from a couple of crumpled sticky notes, all her stuff is like totally gone gone gone . . . her ultrathin laptop, her apartment keys, her pills, her tampons, her bone-white headphones—everything. Totally gone. Stolen. Gone . . . Out of options, shivering, our favorite dreamer drops the empty bag on her stiffer than stiff sidewalk mattress, sneezes, sneezes twice then moves on—heading east while pulling at that same knot of frizzy hair. Still suspicious, still not convinced by this impromptu performance the spotlight follows Zoe until a sudden burst from the radio dispatcher sends the patrol car off into the city crypts chasing the year’s last villains . . . sirens wailing, red and blue lights skipping over the surface of the blood-snoring morgue . . . Zoe stumbling and staggering off 23rd Street and out of temperamental Chelsea—Zoe making her way up the 7th Avenue moors and hey, would you look at that, she’s singing out loud!—a daycare ditty, an after-school aria—the innocent notes barely managing to get a single off-key vibrato up into the limestone tree houses before they’re shamefully outsung by the very perky voices of that very sporty subculture of very early risers already working up a very athletic sweat on crossfit ellipticals, triathlon treadmills . . . A dollop of honeygray milk diluting the night sky . . . A taxi-snail pulling its shell up to the curb, halfheartedly honking at our favorite dreamer . . . A divorced drifter pulling his Ford pickup up to the curb, halfheartedly masturbating over our favorite dreamer who just sings on and on and on . . . But since she like definitely can’t help herself (doesn’t wanna help herself!) Zoe wavers at 32nd Street, mid sea chantey, and smiles up at the sweet-talking signs hanging over her head like yummy-yummy gumdrops . . . Zoe nodding. Zoe nodding twice then tumbling through the revolving glass doors and taking the escalator down to Penn Station where her superlong legs give us a way more than noteworthy rendition of the looser than loose legs of someone in the depths of an ether ritual or a date-rape delirium . . . our favorite dreamer swaying along the abandoned corridors, along the ugly florescent halls and barren birth canals . . . all the souvenir shops locked . . . all the food courts closed and gated and Zoe brutally bumping into something, someone—a stocky, dark-skinned janitor with a sailor’s hat and twenty thousand keys jingling from his leather work belt. With a crabby curse the Bukowski-like factotum tears his headphones off and waves his filthy mop in Zoe’s crinkled face. He prods her stomach. He prods her supersore groin and with another two or three crabby curses turns up the volume on his smartphone (Shostakovich, Fifth Symphony) then goes back to mop-a-mopping the floor as our favorite dreamer, frantically clutching at her Jolly Roger amulet, hurries and scurries into the 24-hour waiting room . . . Rows and rows of suitcase seats, cardboard tents . . . rows and rows of squatting families, First World refugees . . . rows and rows of nomadic salesmen standing in front of half-empty vending machines, pug noses pressed up against the ranch-flavored potato chips, the chewable cavities, the diabetes in a bottle . . . Zoe snuggling herself down next to the saxophone case of an ex-Amish troubadour. The handcrafted clasps digging into her totally swollen soul . . . Yawning, wincing, yawning our favorite dreamer sticks a wrinkly little thumb in her wrinkly little mouth. Closes her lice eyes . . . and one astral plane later she’s strolling along the Milky Way, moseying about on top of rows and rows of perfectly perfect planets which gently spin spin beneath the cutest stars. Spin spin then shake. Spin spin then shake then balloon-pop—the hissing solar wind brutally jerk-a-jerking our favorite dreamer back to boring ol’ earth . . .
Zoe blinks. Zoe blinks twice up at the sumo wrestler glaring down at her.
The security guard tap-a-taps her chair with his heavy nightstick. Demands to see a ticket.
Sucking on her precious past our favorite dreamer like definitely doesn’t realize she’s speaking in tongues. (Or maybe she like just doesn’t give one flying fuck!)
“No ticket?” the sumo wrestler banging on the chair with his dick-stick. “Get out! Get out now. Go!”
Chucked back out onto the city streets like cat litter. Like yesteryear’s newspaper. But at least the streets are like totally different now. They’re brighter, nicer—like way better. Things are moving, things are happening. Millions of hustling Homo sapiens are out and about. Dollar-dollar aspiration once again cradling Manhattan in its bustling bosom and sparing no expense in nurturing that good morning clarity which swoop-a-swoops in out of the vegan diners, the scone-and-salami shops. The sunnyside up breakfast sun bringing out all the galvanizing calories on all the high cholesterol food carts, on all the nouvelle cuisine food trucks, on all the umami street corners . . . Zoe sinking her supersharp claws into the nearest garbage can. Way too hungry to give one flying fuck about sidewalk etiquette or social mores or whatever. Passing yuppies puking into their suede wallets as they watch our favorite dreamer excavate a half-chewed egg and cheese sandwich. As they watch her rub her oily button nose up against a totally soggy slice of pepperoni pizza . . . Zoe moaning and cramming the free food down her mildewy gullet. Chipped teeth feasting on foreign saliva, on someone else’s superyummy dough . . . Zoe washing the teeny-weeny germs down with a few sloppy swigs from a cracked Styrofoam cup. The coffee cold and black and like seriously amazing . . . Mumbling for more caffeine Zoe grips the sterling silver skull around her neck and burps, burps twice then heads east on 34th Street until she veers uptown on the fast, the furious, the Avenue of the Americas . . . Decked out in one-piece pantsuits and Versace cufflinks, bowler hats and tailored buffalo hides, every human being on 6th Avenue is munching on a cinnamon raisin bagel and slurping on nonfat chrism. Powerwalking to work while trying their very best to keep a minimum of two or three feet between their brand new smartphones and Zoe’s mutilated mask . . . Work? A part of our favorite dreamer like definitely does recognize the word, the fucking concept, and that same part of her (that part of her not yet totally smothered by the scarecrow sitting on her head) also like definitely does recognize what everyone around her is doing right now. Like where the fuck they’re going and why. But for some reason all that seems so, so very far away . . . the Comfort Station, the monthly rent, the utility bills . . . as if it were all part of someone else’s twentysomething mockumentary that she like definitely doesn’t wanna watch right now. No way. No fucking thanks. No . . . Pulling harder than hard at that same annoying knot of frizzy hair Zoe comes muttering to a stop at the corner of 6th Avenue and West 40th Street. She holds her breath, fidgets her superlong legs from side to side, side to side and waits for the safe-to-coexist traffic signal. Because she like seriously needs to find a bathroom or a bucket. But where? How? . . . Biting her lower lip, shifting her weight from bleeding foot to bleeding foot Zoe serendipitously spots on the opposite side of this midtown valley of electrified glass and DO NOT TOUCH grass—her homeless captain! Yay! Yay yay! Zoe clap-a-claps her claws and watches her favorite urban leper crawl on all fours between the Scylla storefronts and the Charybdis conglomerates, a blocklong chain of blue and white and pink plastic bags fettered round and round her bony black ankle. Zoe clap-a-clapping and watching her chupacabra tour guide jump up on her hind legs with a paranoid shriek and a follow-me-if-you-dare glance across the street. Zoe clap-a-clapping and watching her harpy herald sprint and fly up over the telecommunication steeples, the mutual fund minarets—psychedelic bags fluttering like a pauper’s pennants above the millions of frowning faces until, with another paranoid shriek, with another two or three paranoid shrieks the sewer bird abruptly dives dives dives down into the New York Public Library and disappears inside her marble nest. Her Bryant Park lair . . . Laughing and nodding and like definitely not about to wait for any kind of urban safety net or flashing action cue or pedestrian prompt or deus ex machina or whatever that self-aggrandizing stick figure across the street actually is our favorite dreamer tap-a-taps her Jolly Roger bolo tie, tap-a-taps it twice then dips her superlong legs into the honking traffic. Zoe dragging her bare feet across the asphalt embers . . . But oh no! Zoe loses track of the slithering trail of plastic bags somewhere between the second and third sideways stairway. Luckily our favorite dreamer like definitely doesn’t need any of her hobo polestars anymore. Nope, not anymore! Because by now, after twentysomething years at sea, and especially after last night, Zoe Dreamstein like sure as fuck knows her way around this massive treasure hunt. This massive treasure hunt which can’t stop won’t stop glittering with our extra-large guesses. With the supercute hints of all our seeking . . . A few supermoist minutes later and Zoe’s in the bathroom. Singing and—AH! No toilet paper! Oh boy. Oh my. Time to drip-a-drip dry . . . Still bloated, still those superhungry snakes eating away at her insides Zoe climbs out of the bathroom and tries her very best to balance herself on her totally catatonic limbs but she like obviously fails and before she can scream NO! or AH! or FUCK SHIT FUCK!—our favorite dreamer faceplants into the Rose Reading Room. Hoping against hope that at least she’ll be able to relax or rest her tingling feet or get a massage or masturbate or something, anything as supernice as that! . . . I mean, is that like way too much to ask or what? . . . Neoclassical nudes rolling like Tuscan fields across the vaulted ceiling. Winter lightning crashing down against the taller than tall windows . . . Ignoring the security guard’s silent but totally tangible loathing our favorite dreamer struts into this hallowed NYC Alhambra and with a regal mutter takes her rightful place at one of the communal study tables . . . Zoe yawning. Zoe burping, burping twice and picking a greenred booger out of her right nostril as a feces-oozing fly lands on her left shoulder but she like definitely doesn’t swat it away. Definitely not. She just lets it buzz-a-buzz in and out of her frizzy, her disgusting head of hair. Why? Because why the fuck not . . . Cloistered across from our favorite dreamer a pointy-eared paralegal lifts his nerdy nose out of his civil rights encyclopedia and cautiously sniffs the air. Cautiously turns his four eyes toward Zoe but before the paralegal has a chance to pinch his nose or call out for mama he heaves, gags, cries and desperately covers his mouth as strands of yellowbrown vomit seep like his grandma’s goulash through his geeky fingertips . . . The paralegal raising his noncooking hand and waving it back and forth, back and forth until he catches the security guard’s one eye . . . The paralegal pointing at Zoe. The paralegal breathing a very sincere sigh of relief as our favorite dreamer is then brutally dragged out of the bookish basilica. Out of his bookish basilica . . . Thank you. Thank you very much, sir . . .
#
Onwards! Onwards toward that human merry-go-round. That trending horror show of dazzling deception and advertising smoke! Onwards toward Times Square where Zoe’s suburban world is spun and twirled, bent backwards and gangbanged by a chu-chu train of stock market quotes, photoshopped physiques, in-your-face company logos, sensational headlines and social media memes. WORLD FAMOUS INTELLECTUAL SENTENCED TO TWENTY YEARS! WORLD FAMOUS SCUBA DIVER IS JUST ANOTHER KID! WORLD FAMOUS ROOMMATE MISSING IN ACTION! The fashion seraphim smiling and winking overhead as our favorite dreamer wanders from commercial booth to commercial booth, from distorted display to distorted display, each breaking news bulletin streaming and replicating above her scarecrow head . . . streaming and replicating . . . streaming and replicating . . . Seven billion colors saturating her superhuman brain. Seven billion colors having their way with her pretzel-bent spine . . .
“Here.”
Someone else’s blistered tongue flopping out of her open mouth, someone else’s mosquito-bitten arms straight out at her sides Zoe stops mid twirl to point her diseased cattle eyes down at a little girl—at a little girl standing up on her ten tippy-toes with a Superman ice cream in one hand (blueredyellow swirls, sugar cone), a crisp five-dollar bill held out in the other. Her mommy and daddy a watchful step behind . . . Snapping her yellowbrown teeth Zoe snatches the creamy-yummy cash and doesn’t even watch the little girl smile and twirl away in her neon-pink down jacket—Zoe smelling the money, stroking the money. Zoe lick-a-licking the perfectly perfect money . . . Uptown, uptown, our favorite dreamer’s pilgrimage picking up speed up that zigzagging highway of the demented damned. Up Broadway! Zoe pushing and muttering her way through endless hordes of starving ticket scalpers, armless hotdog sellers, Mexican necromancers, Uzbekistan entrepreneurs, cosmopolitan snake charmers, Klu Klux Klan oil barons, marijuana moguls, philosopher pimps, Samoan poets, elementary school rappers, retired gypsies, paramilitary missionaries, agnostic lion tamers, Eastern European boxers, Pakistani rock stars, New Jersey mercenaries, paraplegic pornstars, welfare magi, Inuit assassins, four-legged research fellows, Guatemalan pastry chefs, preaching pygmies, Hasidic poker players, Muslim grandmasters, Cuban soothsayers, Protestant barflies, Catholic club promoters, Dominican papis, Boricua booties, ET celebrities, mixed-martial arts maniacs, finance sensei, unionized hang gliders, Nepalese Houdinis, beekeepers with stigmata, undergraduate firefighters, LGBTQ+ weightlifters, business bots, indie rock crybabies, government watchdogs, violin virtuosos, jazz maestros, mandolin-strumming werewolves, trust fund eunuchs, imported midgets, self-made middle school CEOs, recovering gimps, Canadian curling champions, terrorists—Zoe pushing and muttering and waving her amulet above her scarecrow head. Like seriously trying her very best to ward off the world. All the other worlds . . . But all this massive self-belief like obviously takes its toll and by the time our favorite dreamer reaches Columbus Circle her left eyelid won’t stop twitching and her lower back like actually feels like it’s been hammered into a boneless mush, a throbbing pulp which forces poor ol’ Zoe to stoop and use her superthin arms like crutches while her facial expression switches at random between a pleading grimace, an aggressive scowl, and a smugger than smug smirk. Even the sheltering sky, once so dark and stormy, once so angry and gray, is now like seriously showing signs of wear and tear with who knows how many yellowred spots cropping up here and there along the two or three desiccated tendrils still trying their very best to stay airborne over the Island Kingdom. Because sometimes even the sky wants to lie down and call it quits . . . If the well runs dry, bone-dry, then what happens to the supercute seeds we planted twentysomething years ago? Because I mean does someone refill the well? Do we like get new seeds or what? . . . Brutally forced back into life by a bus’s baritone foghorn our favorite dreamer lifts herself up off her crosswalk futon and hobbles into the nearest convenience store . . . Five dollars later and she’s back out on the sidewalk, a confident smile on her juicy boils, her bitter-black fingernails scratching furiously at an instant lotto ticket . . . Laughing, crying, laughing Zoe drops the losing ticket and stomp-a-stomps the worthless bastard into the pavement. She kick-a-kicks the backstabbing bitch into the nearest gutter then moves on. Away. Away. From all this bullshit. Away! . . . West 77th Street. In a leprechaun’s piss-drunk gold font a foldable chalkboard updates our favorite dreamer on the day’s special. HAPPY NEW YEARS! TWO FOR ONE PAINT! COME ON IN AND BLACKEN THOSE BRUSHES! Sucking the city off her thumb Zoe pulls on the superheavy doors and wiggles her superlong legs into the beer-thick shadows . . . Edgar lifting his atrophied brain out of his glowing smartphone. Waving poor ol’ Zoe off with a ketchupy chuckle and a stone-cold stutter—“Yea, ri-ri-right. This ain’t, this ain’t, this ain’t, this ain’t, this ain’t no sou-sou-sou-soup kitchen. Go—away!” The bodybuilder bouncer not even asking to see her ID. Not that our favorite dreamer has one with her. But still . . . One rejection too many finally doing us all in Zoe tucks away her undesired ego behind a leaky dumpster and sits her bubble butt down in a puddle of anonymous alcohol. With a supersoft screech she hugs her superlong legs to her shivering chest, the fire escape above her scarecrow head shaking quietly as we all close off our minds and just listen to the two or three voices now shuffling into the alley tunnel. Whispering like wasps on the other side of the dumpster . . .
#
“Here, have a cigarette. I hate smoking alone.”
“Sure. Thanks.”
“Aren’t you going to say anything about the movie? Did you like it?”
“Um, I guess so. But I’m still not sure how I feel about the ending. It just doesn’t add up. I think I need to see it again. Maybe I missed something when I went to the bathroom.”
“What didn’t you get? It’s pretty easy to follow.”
“No it’s not. Or at least I didn’t think so . . .”
“Where is everyone? No one’s picking up my calls and we don’t have that much time.”
“I mean I liked the first half. When there’s basically just some kind of global civil war or mass extinction or Martian invasion or zombie virus or something which basically just kills off all life on earth.”
“Yea, that was great.”
“And I liked that scruffy pilot who wouldn’t stop swearing every time the spaceship hit a spacetime bump.”
“Yea, he was great.”
“And I kind of liked the sappy love story between two or three of the passengers.”
“Yea, it was alright.”
“But I still don’t know if one of them was or wasn’t sleeping around with another passenger or another two or three passengers or basically the whole ship.”
“Yea, it was confusing.”
“Aren’t you guys cold?”
“And what exactly happened to the ship’s reactor?”
“There was a coolant leak.”
“I know there was a coolant leak. I just don’t know what the coolant is.”
“Oh I think it’s just some kind of water that keeps the reactor from overheating.”
“That makes sense . . . And so basically after this coolant leak everyone on the ship starts dying from the radiation and basically shit hits the fan.”
“Yea, basically.”
“Can we talk about something else? Are we going to stay here till the ball drops?”
“So then everyone hops in the escape pods and basically they all just get launched off into deep space and who knows where they’ll end up or if they’ll just crash into an asteroid or get torn to pieces inside a black hole or yea . . . But I basically just don’t get why she couldn’t just suck it up and move on. Like why did she have to take it all so personally?”
“What do you mean why? The coolant leak didn’t just happen. Nothing just happens. Someone was behind the meltdown. That’s the whole point. Someone was jealous. Someone didn’t want the human race to live happily ever after. That’s why she had to take action. She didn’t have any other choice. It was the only way to ensure the survival of the species. She had to do it.”
“Hmm. I guess I see what you mean . . . But I’m not sure if I agree. I think she could have basically just done a better job of explaining things. You can tell it’s her first movie.”
“Yea well whatever. It doesn’t matter. She’s one of those actor-writer-director types. They’re the worst. They’re so full of themselves.”
“Would you guys just hurry up and finish your cigarettes. Let’s go back inside.”
“Calm down. You’re always in such a rush.”
“And you’re always such a pain in my ass.”
“Okay, fine. Let’s go . . .”
When Zoe’s like definitely sure the wasps have buzzed on off she wiggles her superlong legs from out behind her dumpster hideout and picks up one of the cigarette cinders. She takes a deeper than deep drag. Blows a perfectly perfect smoke ring and watches it drift up the brick walls, up the shaking fire escape, up, up into a completely corroded sky. Nothing but red up there. Nothing but rust. Our favorite dreamer takes one more deeper than deep drag, then limps back out into the killing fields . . .
#
Fully automatic alarms whistling out of the Drunken Clinamen. Shattering the late afternoon ceasefire and somehow like definitely knowing this sure as hell ain’t a drill Zoe covers her ringing ears and ducks behind the foldable chalkboard. She bites her dingleberry lips. Waits for the airstrikes to resume. For the sky to scream . . . But instead of another V-2 rocket it’s a wounded soldier just in from the Omaha front that scoots out onto the sidewalk in a lightweight wheelchair, one plaster leg sticking out like a toy canon, strips of shiny gauze covering the totally fractured memory. Zoe’s heart skips a lifetime. Or wait, was that her mind which just took a direct hit? Either way there like definitely isn’t time to find out the why, the how, the what the fuck? Because two or three failed synaptic relationships behind the silver neck brace, behind the Chicago-molded facial prosthesis, a twentysomething sexpot in a red fur coat shimmers out of the superheavy doors, one hand rummaging through her Louis Vuitton handbag, one hand curling a strand of milk chocolate hair behind a peanut butter ear . . . Gasping for gravity Zoe lifts her swollen button nose out over her chalkboard shield, risking it all for a closer look at the white van soundlessly pulling up to the curb . . . A door sliding open. A handicap ramp lowered over the sidewalk . . . Her flashing smartphone providing just the fission needed to turn the hissing sky into a massive fireball Sophie Strudel readjusts her red Jezebel cap then gracefully shoves the wheelchair up the ramp, giving Zoe and her locust eyes just one last look at the pouty wisps of gray hair quivering with age above the scruffy, the grinning, the Giacomo Jones muzzle. The door slides shut. Without hanging up, without waving goodbye or screaming I love you to her disabled dummy Sophie turns on her fluffy red boots and starts stumbling east, toward the park, Zoe calmly watching the unmarked van roll off in the opposite direction, a creepy gas mask with sterile aviator eyes in the driver’s seat . . . Zoe calmly watching until she’s like totally sure the coast is clearer than clear . . . Zoe calmly crawling out of her chalkboard foxhole . . . Zoe calmly gripping her Jolly Roger amulet and nodding, nodding twice . . . Zoe smiling a sinister smile and hobbling after that California cunt. Uh-oh. Watch out, bitch . . .
Our favorite dreamer catches up with her LA nemesis at the nothing-but-ash remains of the park’s 77th Street entrance. Clearly tipsy, maybe even blackout drunk Sophie and her fluffy red boots are tripping and flipping and gracefully flopping through the superdense shrubbery, way too out of it to notice the parole-skipping pedophiles barbecuing behind the wilted rose bushes, and like definitely way too busy tap-a-tapping on her smartphone to sidestep the vindictive little gremlins trying their very best to pull us all down into the fertilizer ditches, the pesticide ruts—Sophie stumbling through Central Park like a tequila-happy Tinker Bell or a rollin’ Red Ridding Hood while our favorite dreamer slurps on her own private stash of adrenaline and hobbles from Cinderella shrub to Cinderella shrub, steadily closing in on her evil stepsister’s designer cap as it bobbles back and forth across the overgrown footpath. Back and forth. Back and forth. Zoe laughing and limping, thorny briars hooking themselves like serrated sickles into Sophie’s goldgreen dress. Zoe laughing and limping, laughing and limping after that flowering bullseye . . . Way up on high a baby squirrel watches the humans flicker past (Sophie tap-a-tapping, Zoe on the handicapped hunt), its tiny cheeks stuffed with chestnut crumbs, with acorn snacks. Gnashing her chipped teeth our favorite dreamer catapults her good side off a spring-loaded log and punches the paparazzi bastard in its furry little face as she hobbles down the plague-pebbled straightaway, quads and calves cramping but she’s like almost there, almost home free, orange light blowing through the trees and denoting a cluster bomb of eye-itching shrapnel—Zoe blinking and blinking through the pollen shockwave and briefly losing sight of that Deutschland bitch around the final black bend . . . Zoe unclasping the Jolly Roger amulet from around her neck and pushing through the burn like the champ she’s always wanted to be . . . Zoe willing her broken body, her broken mind, through the last thorny thicket and suddenly she’s hobbling out of the superdark forest and hobbling down into a snow-banked clearing, Sophie two or three wobbly steps ahead, tap-a-tapping on her smartphone and gracefully stumbling across a supersmall bridge—the secluded inlet bathed in honeysuckle twilight, a couple of winter-loving swans nestled up against each other on the cozy front rocks, enjoying the superpretty sunset but sure as fuck not understanding why one of the humans is muttering a Yiddish hex or why one of the humans is swinging a bolo tie high above her scarecrow head or why one of the humans, in a flash of cinematic faith, is now limping over from the self to the other. Zoe lassoing the bolo tie round and round Snow White’s sponge cake neck and squeezing. Squeezing tight . . .
A smartphone drops—the bridge shakes. Frosted fingernails claw at Zoe’s face and hair. Muffled applause ripples through the lakeside theater as a sterling silver skull uncorks the California jugular and sends a rush of maple syrup bubbling down the red fur coat . . . Totally fed up with all this human nonsense the swans hiss their annoyance, hold each other’s plumes and figure skate off in search of a way quieter sunset . . . Endorphins shoot up the director’s arms and down her superlong legs. The pressure pulsing . . . The pressure pulsing . . . A wheezing then a gurgling sound fizzes through the leading lady’s raspberry lips as her knees buckle and her head slumps forward. Zoe closing her Angel of Death eyes and squeezing as hard as she possibly can. Zoe squeezing till she hears the Rice Krispies trachea burst into a standing ovation. Zoe squeezing till she cums so hard in her totally ripped jeans that she like almost forgets to bow and pick up her lavender bouquet. Zoe squeezing. Zoe squeezing. Zoe squeezing and moaning for more. So much more . . .
Rusted beyond repair the evening sky goes on crumbling over the frozen lake. The ice gleaming with oxidized sunflakes . . .
Breathing a little slower now, the perfectly perfect orgasm somewhat subsiding but still tickling up and down her spine our favorite dreamer lets go of the Jolly Roger noose. In the distance she hears something thump-thump. With a satisfied sigh Zoe opens her Eve eyes, bends down and flips the Aryan cadaver on its back . . . half a chewed Tootsie roll drooping out through the blueberry lips, the vanilla-almond neck a butchered mass of skin and bone . . . Zoe running her bitter-black fingernails up the appetizer freckles, up the nose à la ghastly gore, up, up . . . searching for her succulent prize, her overdue dessert . . . and finally, there they are, those greengold lamb eyes. Zoe leaning forward and blowing aside all those layers of laughter. Zoe leaning forward and sniffing, nodding, sniffing at the saltysweet filling. Because it’s like obviously her Hollywood future and it like obviously belongs to her, to her—to her! Zoe reaching around into her back pocket. Zoe pulling out her pocketknife and scooping out her spoils of war as the terminally ill sun blows one last kiss of red over this truelove saga . . .
If our end is in our beginning, then why-oh-why do I scratch my darling head like every single day? . . .
#
Ugh, even though They keep asking and asking I like still can’t remember how many hours pass before our favorite dreamer sits down on the slippery planks and crosses her superlong legs into full lotus position. But that’s what she does—eventually. That’s what she’s doing right now. She’s sitting and twirling her ridiculously rich, ridiculously famous Hollywood future in her left claw like a pair of goldgreen Baoding balls. Because now she like definitely understands what’s going to happen to the earth when the sun like totally burns up its hydrogen core and half squeezes, half bloats itself up into a hungry red giant. Because it’ll obviously just go to sleep. Forever. The earth will simply sleep-a-sleep while the hungry red giant rages, rages against the dying of the light in my degenerate core. Like right below my bellybutton . . .
All the buildings swaying with exuberance on the other side of the champagne-cut ice. All Manhattan counting down as our favorite dreamer holds her breath and tries her very best to stay in her seat till the credits roll . . .
But just when her adorable little lungs are about to burst, and just when her superhuman brain is about to undergo its final mildewy metamorphosis, and like way more importantly, just when her twentysomething rom-com is about to crescendo into Oscar-worthy catharsis, a superloud wailing robs Zoe of all her superstar success. Because the sirens, the sirens, the sirens just won’t ever let her be! AH! NO! FUCK SHIT FUCK!
Seven billion branches pointed at her totally dwarfed soul, Zoe Dreamstein uncrosses her superlong legs and after taking a superquick second to wish upon a suburban star, flings her gooier than gooey future across the ice with a “I like fucking hate all you unfaithful bastards!” rebel yell that sends tattletale trunks flipping, informant roots cringing—Zoe pivoting on her mangled feet and diving down the only unbeaten path left . . . Bang bang!—Zoe swerves and dodges—Bang bang!—Zoe swerves and dodges—Bang bang!—Zoe swerves and dodges and hobbles off into this night with no end. No shutdown switch or escape button or nothing nothing nothing! Zoe limping and limping from shriveled Tree of Life to shriveled Tree of Life, Central Park aglow with God-degrading satellites, infrared demons and uncircumcised narcs—Zoe limping and limping all the way out past the Metropolitan Museum of Art to where the archangels loaf and Big Brother sucks on his lemon lies . . . Grinning like an unplugged Prole, her thoughts tingling, her precious personality held tight to her human heart, our favorite dreamer takes one last quicker than quick breather in a Newspeak niche or a memory hole or in Room 101 or in one of those 1984 kinda places . . . Zoe wiping her unwaxed brow and raising her Sarah eyes. Because what the fuck’s that up ahead? Could it be the Western Wall? the Hill of Calvary? the Kaaba! Zoe wading through a chest-high lane of cars then pulling herself up two or three cantilever arms. Pulling herself all the way up over the pedestrian chain-link fence to where the sickos dance and the law-abiding citizens get high on collateral damage Kool-Aid . . . Zoe climbing to the top of her world and staring out at a burnt black wasteland with no trees, no farms, no cuter than cute sheep—the desolation just stretching and stretching and doing nothing but stretching until it like totally blurs away into myopic vagueness at our mind’s end . . . Zoe standing with her supersharp claws on her Superwoman hips, sirens wailing somewhere in the distance, the distance, the distance. Zoe chewing on the eternal question—yay or nay, or nay yay, or—but since we’re all definitely way, way past that, Zoe calmly, calmly spits over her world. Spits twice. Then swallows away the trail of possibility. Because this is like definitely the biggest night of her twentysomething life. Because it’s like definitely time for her to pull that fucking trigger and be all she can be . . . A sinister smile on her dingleberry lips, her Mary eyes staring off into a totally blank canvas our favorite dreamer sticks an alien claw down her totally ripped jeans as the year’s first fireworks cremate what’s left of this night on night, this intensely opaque Island Kingdom veil. Zoe moaning and flicking the supercute curtain as hard as hard she possibly can. Zoe jumping . . .
The fall. The splash. The end that comes swirling in without a fancy farewell or a neighborhood kegger or a cupcakes-only cast party or a Bacchanalian baby shower or a runaway reaction gone viral or a bit of rougher than rough makeup sex or nothing—and I mean nothing!—as deliciously fun or as obscenely awesome as all that! Just a stock image of a pair of human legs being swept twentysomething stories down under the Queensboro Bridge. Just a Jane Doe smiling a perfectly perfect smile as a white-on-white scuba diver comes bubbling up out of the East River froth. Just another girl named Zoe Dreamstein closing her Zoe eyes as a kid-sized hand tugs at her hair and smoothly, smoothly untangles that one massive knot.