#Epilogue


Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale . . .
When I’m like totally done with my very, very relaxing breathing exercises, a window of light warming my face, I blink open my eyes and uncross my legs. Then I stand up slowly, like very slowly, and go through what I still can of my morning stretch routine. Arms and neck, tingling chest but only a few inches of sighing hamstrings. I twist and crack my back, my spine. I loosen up my somewhat flexible psyche. Then I lick the night off my new front teeth and step away from my twin-sized cot. Easing myself down on my softer than soft chair, at my plastic desk. Letting my elbows dangle like ordinary elbows while I blink and breath and make myself like totally comfortable . . .
Coffee. I’m holding on tight to my #2 pencil. The spring sun is rising rising rising. I’m holding on tight to my #2 pencil and trying my very best not to feel how nice it must feel to be sitting at a coffeeshop right about now. Sitting and sipping on a cup of Ethiopian Yirgacheffe or a cup of Costa Rican Tarrazú or a cup of deliciously bold Sumatra. I’m trying my very best not to feel these springtime feelings because even though I keep begging and begging the guards for a café mocha or a soy cappuccino or half a bitter brown espresso shot or something! They just keep saying no, no, no. They like can’t stop won’t stop saying no. Because apparently my brain can’t handle the stimulants anymore. Because apparently she and I just ain’t what we used to be. Once upon a substance-free suburb . . . The doctors keep saying it’s got something to do with the way I “abused” prescription pills, alcohol—life. With the way the two- or three-faced chemicals played tug of war with my obnoxiously bipolar neurons. Twisting and pulling the gullible membranes into all kinds of manic snowflakes and depressive cobwebs. But I’m like definitely not convinced. I think I might just be getting old old old . . . On the almost bright side, the nurses say they might be able to start bringing me half a pot of chamomile tea with my mac and cheese as long as I don’t have any major setbacks this month. No IMAX relapses. No inner-city psychosis. So yea, I guess that’s obviously something to be happy about. Even though it’s like common knowledge that chamomile tea has way less than zero milligrams of totally inspiring caffeine . . .
The sun is shining. The sun is shining. The sun is shining but nothing. I’m holding on tight to my #2 pencil but there’s like nothing left to remember. Or at least that’s what the shrinks keep telling me. They say I’m done with this stage of the treatment. They say my psyche has finally accepted what did or didn’t happen and that now it’s time to move on to stage two or three or whatever. Because apparently there’s a whole long list of motives and theories that the detectives wanna talk with me about. They wanna talk about my sexual frustration, my eating disorders, my entitled sense of invincibility. They wanna talk about the relationship between the death vans in which my Polish ancestors were brutally gassed and my Nazi hunter role models. They wanna talk about my superstitious perfectionism, my crowd-hating nihilism, my privileged paranoia. They wanna talk about how all my wannabe goals in life made my life a wannabe life. They wanna talk about me, myself, and only me . . .
Chocolate, candy. I’m holding on tight to my #2 pencil. A pale blue breeze is fingerpainting its way through the mosquito net. Lavender blossoms are tickling my throat. I’m holding on tight to my #2 pencil and trying my very best not to feel how nice it must feel to be strolling around Central Park right about now. Strolling and munching on a mouthful of Starburst snacks or a mouthful of Laffy Taffy or a mouthful of deliciously hard Jolly Ranchers. I’m trying my very best not to feel these springtime feelings because even though I keep begging and begging the guards for an ice cream sandwich or a brownie or an apple strudel or something! They just keep saying no, no, no. They like can’t stop won’t stop saying no. Because apparently my body can’t handle the sugar anymore. Because apparently she and I just ain’t what we used to be. Once upon a wholesome suburb . . . The doctors keep saying it’s got something to do with my lack of regular exercise, my junk food diet, my stressful day job—my life. Something to do with the way my blood glucose level keeps oscillating back and forth, back and forth from the trembling heights of hyperglycemia, all the way down down down to the hypoglycemic fear. But I’m like definitely not convinced. I think I might just be getting old old old . . . On the almost bright side, the nurses say they might be able to start bringing me flax seed crackers with my insulin as long as I don’t have any major setbacks this month. No sibylline seizures. No Golem stupors. So yea, I guess that’s obviously something to be happy about. Even though it’s like common knowledge that flax seed crackers have a totally uninspiring glycemic load of way less than zero . . .
Summer is on its way. Summer is on its way. Summer is on its way and the good news is—I’m finally going to get a minibreak from this cramped cell and this mind-peeling yellow wallpaper! So yay! Yay yay! Because the surgeons have pinky promised to drive me over to another building or ward for my first “swim lesson.” Which means I’m finally going to learn how to float and not sink! And even though I’ll obviously only be allowed in the shallow end for the time being, the hospital chaplain keeps saying that one day, if I practice hard, if I learn how to cope and not cry, one day I just might be able to go skinny dipping in the deeper than deep end! So yay! Yay yay! But the way more exciting news is that this means my nose is scheduled to get some quality time in the city sun! Time to twitch in the anything-but-sterile wind. Plus my eyes could like definitely use a holiday away from these unflattering lights in here. Because I mean I know for a fact they’d like much rather be out there, down below, on the overcooked asphalt strips, in the pepperoni pizza grease, riding round and round in an unmarked van with my two or three heavy-fisted hulks in plain white tees. My Bellevue bodyguards, my die-hard fans. Aviator sunglasses like totally hiding our faces as we drive round and round the Island Kingdom—windows down, woodgrain gripping. Just crusin’. Just watching all the human spaceships strut up and down the goldblack Manhattan runways. Just watching all the emergency escape pods rock-skipping across the gin-slick Hudson. Across the murkier than murky East River. Everybody treading through time and space with their personal headphones and their depersonalizing smartphones. With our flesh-colored breathing apparatuses which like always seem to be leaking and caving in at the doubt-glued edges. Like seriously about to burst on account of all this peer-to-peer pressure . . .
Oh you tweeting birds. Oh you tweeting birds I’ll soon be tweet-a-tweeting too!
But I guess I’ll just have to keep being patient or whatever. I guess I’ll just have to keep waiting up here till the judge gives me the green light to come back down to exhilarating earth. Because apparently there’s like still a lot of factors to take into consideration. A lot of headscratchingly complicated code that still needs unscrambling before I can go on home. Which basically means the prosecutors just want more time to evaluate my operating system. Because apparently they’re still having a lot of trouble making sense of my visual acuity. They like just don’t understand why I don’t need glasses anymore. It doesn’t make any sense to them. It just doesn’t add up. Even the doctors can’t help creasing and scratching their foreheads every time they read over my latest eye exam results. They just don’t understand why I can see now. The shrinks say it must be symptomatic of a deeper problem. The shrinks keep saying I must have an unresolved ego-complex or a severely flawed unconscious. The shrinks keep saying my night terrors must be having some sort of extreme psychosomatic effect on my retinas or whatever. But I’m pretty sure they just don’t like it. Not one bit. I think it like definitely just creeps them out . . . Oh well. Tough. That’s just too bad for them and their totally overrated science. They’ll just have to put away their clipboards and find some other scapegoat because it’s sure as fuck not gonna be me! No way! Plus my lawyer keeps saying that this spiral-bound notebook right here isn’t like actually admissible in any court of law or in any book of evidence or in any journal of medicine or in any psychiatry textbook. Which apparently also means that, now that I’m moving on to stage two or three or whatever, these totally innocent scribbles and homesick smudges are maybe probably going to end up at the back of an alley tunnel, in a leaky dumpster, under a shaking fire escape. But I’m sure as fuck not about to let that happen either! No way! Because I’ve already told the guards that if they don’t meet my demand—my one demand!—I’ll like seriously stage a hunger strike or cut my extra-small wrists or use the bed sheets to hang myself or crack my head against the window or stick this pencil up my supercute button nose and yank my superbrilliant brains out or like whatever I need to do to get my really important point across! AH! Because I’m not about to let anything in, on, or outside of earth stop me from getting this notebook to my favorite scuba diver. To the kid who saved me and my immortal soul. Because I’ve obviously forgiven and forgotten that whole subconscious assault blooper. Because I mean he didn’t mean to rape my mind, it just kinda like happened, and I’m obviously not about to bring any charges against him. Not that I could even if I wanted to. But I like definitely don’t wanna! So instead of holding a grumpy grudge I’m going to carefully bury these college-ruled memories in neon-pink wrapping paper, and the next time Federico comes diving by (he’s been my only visitor so far), I’ll kiss the plexiglass barrier, brush back my bangs and whisper into the microphone that it’s like totally been my pleasure to build him a career-advancing thank you gift. Then I’ll slowly, slowly nod to my left and smile a muse’s smile as the guards hand Federico his award. Because even though Federico is already like kinda well known or whatever, I think, I hope, I pinky swear that this nonfiction dream right here can like definitely help him get to that next level of existence—that ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich level. So if Federico wants to make a hundred and one copies and drop them from a helicopter over the Statue of Liberty or Ground Zero or the Empire State Building, then that’s like totally okay with me. Or if he wants to use these popcorn pages to start up some kind of conceptual pyramid selling or metaphysical Ponzi scheme, then that’s like totally okay with me too. Because whatever kind of transcendental stunt that Federico has in mind it’s like totally okay with me. All I ask is that he please-oh-please doesn’t turn my prison-pent consciousness into a horribly horrible urban documentary. All I ask is anything but that . . .
What else, what else, what else before they take him or her away from me?
Oh yea! My hair’s growing back! So yay! Yay yay! It’s not falling out in eight-legged clumps anymore. Plus I’m putting on some weight again. So at least I don’t look like a hairless holocaust survivor every time I step out of the shower. Yes sir, yes ma’am, I think it’s like most definitely safe to say that I’m looking and feeling better—much better. Even though I know I’m not supposed to. Even though I know I’m supposed to be feeling bad right now. I know that. Everyone in here keeps saying that. And it’s not like I don’t feel bad—because I like definitely do!—it’s just that I’m still kinda iffy on what exactly it is that I’m supposed to feel bad about. And anyway I’ve decided that I’m just way too young to stay sad forever. I’m just way too young to obsess over the past—good or bad or ugly or whatever. It’s just not natural. It’s just not right. Because I mean I’m in my twenties. I’m supposed to be upbeat. I’m supposed to be forward-looking—forward-steering. And I guess I just don’t see the point in feeling bad all the time. I mean it like definitely doesn’t change anything. It only makes things worse. Like way worse. Plus I’m not about to spend the rest of my life feeling sad just so that I can help the CSI unit “connect the causal dots” or help the forensic psychologist figure out “which neurological malfunction led to which behavioral outcome.” I mean, why would I? They can go connect their own doublecrossing dots for all I care. What’s there to connect anyway? I mean what if there isn’t any backstabbing causal link, what if there’s just a bunch of brilliant bouncy balls that like never ever wanna stop bouncing and bouncing and bouncing because bouncing and bouncing and bouncing is like just so much more fun than not bouncing! What about that! Huh! What about that, you boring bastards! . . . Ugh, breathe, Zoe. Just breathe . . . But like all I’m saying is that whenever I do finally get out of this yellowblue bell jar in the sky I’m like totally going to bellyflop right back into life. And maybe I’ll even go back to being a gallery geisha. For some reason I don’t think I’d mind working at the Comfort Station again. And maybe Madame Banksy could like even be my career mentor. Plus I’m sure I could teach myself to like bitchy blonde Lo—Delores. And maybe I’ll probably give it another two or three shots and apply to film school when I finally get of out here. That way I can take some more fascinating classes with Professor Amís! Assuming he isn’t in too much trouble. Ugh, he’s like such a great guy. I hope he’s alright. Plus he’s a big deal, like intellectually speaking, so the district attorney should totally let him off the hook for whatever it is that he did or didn’t do . . . And I’d love to see Precious again. I like seriously can’t remember the last time we hung out together. Oh boy she’s going to freak when she finds out I’m doing yoga every morning. Hopefully we can cook dinner or something. I like totally wouldn’t mind buying the groceries this time . . . I’ve also decided that I’m not going to go out looking for Giacomo when I get out of here. I mean he’s obviously not a good influence on me. Or maybe I’m obviously not a good influence on him. I don’t know. Either way it’s maybe probably best just to keep a very healthy, very big distance between us. He’ll just be a misperceived demigod I see every once in a while. Like when I really squint and squeeze . . . And even though my flatscreen friend still hasn’t shown me any new episodes—something to do with rising programming costs, something to do with lower-than-expected ratings—I’m hoping against hope that the Pizza Boyz get another two or three seasons. I mean they were just so good. So real and hot . . . Even though I guess it’s not really my problem anymore. Because when I finally get out of here I’m going to get myself a brand new boyfriend, someone easygoing and hardworking, and we’re going to have really quiet, really gentle sex. And we’re going to move in together and start saving up for our future life as a cuter than cute power couple. Because when I finally get out of here I’m going to stop messing around and start waking up extra early. I’ll only use sugar-free nail polish and I’ll like always make my box-spring bed right away. (No more leaky waterbeds for Zoe!) I’ll go to work with a decaf cup o’ joe and a plastic baggie filled with homemade trail mix. I’ll organize my existence on my laptop and never ever touch those sinister sticky notes. I’ll take a rain check on happy hour and go shopping for trendy clothes and swankier than swanky accessories. I’ll stay away from all of those self-destroying prescription rainbows. I’ll upgrade my smartphone every year. I’ll join a gym, a book club, a postnatal online gaming community! I’ll make tons and tons of new friends and new frenemies. Because I totally didn’t realize that I didn’t have that many extras in my life anymore. Because I mean in middle school, in high school, in college I like always had a massive cast of supporting humans all around me—boys and girls and boygirls. But where did they all go? Like what are they doing right about now? Are they hiding too? . . . Oh well, it doesn’t matter. It’s like whatever. Because when I finally get out of here I’m going to go to every single potluck and every single engagement party. I’ll be way better at life. And when I get out of here I’ll be much more than grateful to spend the holidays with Mommy and Daddy (who should like definitely be visiting any minute now, assuming there isn’t another Ebola outbreak in the suburbs). And when I get out of here I’ll be sure to do my breathing exercises whenever I feel strange or stressed out. Because now I like totally understand that all these hungry snakes in my second or third trimester core—like right below my bellybutton—are just the polyphonic knock-knocks of my born-again childhood. I’m just hoping against hope that pouty-lipped Peter isn’t the father. Even though he probably is, the bastard . . . And from now on whenever I get that mildewy paste on my new front teeth I won’t like immediately assume it’s all a transhistorical multidimensional conspiracy. Nope, definitely not. I’ll just brush my teeth, brush twice if I really have to, and then move on with my totally mainstream day. Because I swear, even if it hurts, even if it blacks me out, somehow I’m like definitely going to teach myself how to separate daily life from reality TV. Somehow I’m like definitely going to figure out the difference between a green-screen effect and a red-eye mirage. And when I get out of here I know someone, somewhere, will obviously ask me what I’ve been up to these last two or three lives, and I’ll obviously have to tell them something, anything, so I’ll just say the only thing that I definitely know for sure. I’ll just tell everyone that I’ve been working on a twentysomething rom-com—a truelove thriller with a starbright splash of wishing water. And I’ll ask everyone, in between baby butterfly kisses, if they’d wanna work with me on a breathless blockbuster sequel. On a game-changing, genre-breaking, gender-bending follow-up. Because you know the two or three of us could like definitely get ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich. And the two or three of us could like obviously say yes to hitting up all the Hollywood pool parties. And it’d be just you and me and him and her and everyone we know or will ever know. With pets and family and invisible friends like actually always included. Because wouldn’t it be an epic, once in a Big Bang headrush if we all moved out to California together? Because I mean wouldn’t that just be our perfectly perfect superstar dream come like totally extra true forever and ever—and ever?


The End