#Waternova
By FEDERICO BLANCO SÁNCHEZ-LLANOS


Prologue
Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale . . . 
When I’m like totally done with my very, very relaxing breathing exercises, a pillow of neon-pink light warming my supercute face, I blink open my doll eyes and uncross my superlong legs. Then I stand up slowly, like very slowly, and go through my morning stretch routine. Arms and neck, tingling chest and sighing hamstrings. I twist and crack my back, my spine. I try my very best to loosen up my obnoxiously tense suburban psyche. Then I lick the yucky night off my new front teeth and tippy-toe away from my twin-sized cot. Easing myself down on my softer than soft chair, at my plastic desk. Letting my extra-small elbows dangle like the sweetest sugar cubes while I blink and breath and make myself like totally comfortable . . . 
Blue, yellow. I’m looking out my window and seeing a crispy blue sky wrapped in a yellow silence . . . 
I pick up one of their pencils, twirl it like a conductor’s baton between my fingertips and wait for Them to put their clipboards away and whisper themselves out of my florescent cockpit, out of my precious personal space. Because I definitely can’t remember the last time I used an actual pencil and it definitely doesn’t feel right. Something’s off. But maybe it’ll just take a few pointless practice lines to find my perfectly perfect grip . . . I nod my heavy head, brush back my supercute bangs and look out into the blue, the yellow . . . Because I definitely don’t know what They want from me. Because I mean it’s been over two or three months since I last saw him. And even when I squint and squeeze as hard as I possibly can he’s like just a grumpy green ghost now. Just a superhairy monster who won’t stop growling and groaning outside my window . . . 
Sighing, waiting, sighing I tap-a-tap my pencil against the side of my desk. Then I smile and glance over at my flatscreen friend. Because luckily They told me I could keep him turned on if I thought it might help get things “flowing” or whatever. And that’s like definitely a really good thing because tonight’s the season premiere of what I’m like totally sure is going to be my favorite reality TV show ever! . . . A tiny tickle in my tiny throat, I smile and blow the mute face a goodluck kiss.
But when I look back down at my plastic desk, at the spiral-bound notebook with its evenly spaced taunts, like all I can do is frown and pout and bite my lower lip as the first scene suddenly comes a-buzzing through my window and lands on my stickysweet skin—the seriously gross images pumping themselves into my wincing jugular as my room starts to glow red, mosquito-red with spreading black wings of dread and shame and really itchy trauma . . . I close my doll eyes. I hold on tight to my #2 pencil. And totally trying my very best not to pass out I lean all the way over my desk and wait for the tsunami of college-ruled memories to hit—someone somewhere whispering in tongues as the massive wave swallows the air out of my past and his or her future . . . Please don’t overthink this, Zoe. Please don’t make a ridiculously big deal about this whole thing like you usually always do. Just take a deeper than deep breath, crack your extra-small knuckles, and dive right on in. Because this is like obviously the only way you’ll be able to move on and forget about him and her and everyone else who didn’t like actually wanna be a part of your truelove blockbuster. Because this is like obviously the only way you’ll ever be able to get your twentysomething rom-com back on track. You just have to hold your breath and keep on moving and moving and moving and—
Chapter One
“Move bitch!”—But before I could like even try my very best to get out of his way the middle school skateboarder had already kickflipped off the top of the steps, had already spun himself 360 degrees, had already taken off his ANARCHY 99 T-shirt and waved his purple Mohawk at a trio of giggling brats, and had already like seriously miscalculated his dramatic landing—his bony, acne-spotted shoulder slamming right into me and my nonfat latte. Ugh!—hissing and wiping a rainforest’s worth of Fair Trade coffee off my canvas tote bag. What a little shit! What a real bastard! 
Still gnashing my teeth I stuffed away my bone-white headphones and hurried up the crowded steps and across Union Square, re-aiming my really long legs at the donut-shaped mob gathered outside the 14th Street subway station. I skipped, I leaped, and after hurdling over a pair of brooding chess players, I held my breath and crawled under the outer layer of crust punks and garlic-glazed armpits, crawled under the advertising alligators and the automated techies, under the potbellied tourists, the horny hipster dwarves—I crawled and crawled and held my breath until I made it to the scooped-out center of the quasi-human pastry, covering my delicate ears as an ambulance screeched and honked its way up constipated Broadway—red and blue lights bouncing off the billion-dollar bell towers, off the six o’clock traffic, the sirens wailing way up there where the pixelated celebrities and the fashion seraphim smile then wink, smile then wink, smile then wink at you and me . . . Finally able to breathe again I pushed my square-framed glasses up my sweaty but really cute button nose. I watched my favorite preacher sweep his really hairy arms from side to side, side to side as he furiously howled and spit at Manhattan from the top of his portable step stool. I licked my lips. I listened to the extra-large jean jacket and the camo cargo pants, to the vomit-brown beard swaying and swaying above the city like a doomsday pendulum of reprimanding pubes. Oh how I licked my lips. How I listened . . .
“—I’m telling you this planet is fucked and we’ve got to get the fuck off before it’s too fucking late. We’ve got to save our immortal fucking souls!” my favorite preacher raging, raging with homeless glory—“So which one of you motherfuckers wants to come with me! Ey! I said which one of you motherfuckers wants to come with me! Ey! I said which one of you motherfuckers wants to fucking come!” 
But aside from a spoonful of sarcastic cheers on the part of the horny hipster dwarves, the quasi-human pastry just shrugged and crumbled away, a few blogging flakes lingering around exactly long enough to triple-check their triple-charged smartphones before drifting across the Island Kingdom by train, by taxi, by urban teleportation—the daily spectacle over and wirelessly shared. Even way up there, above the rooftop bars and playboy penthouses, the bloated November sun was quietly losing interest in it all. With a yellowred fart it heaved the rest of the day beyond the Hudson, beyond the New Jersey high-rises, and I watched as the last semiprofessional gawker snapped a picture of my favorite NYC loony and then shuffled off across the almost-empty square with his aluminum tripod. On his way to go film two or three beefy blue bullies kick a faceless someone off the curb and into an unmarked van . . . 
Something vibrated up against my ribcage. Frowning with suspicion I reached into my tote bag and scowled when I glanced at my flashing smartphone. Because apparently Precious wanted me to pick up a few red onions, a few plum tomatoes, a few slabs of Manchego cheese, a few pounds of prosciutto, a few rolls of toilet paper, and a few bottles of Merlot before I headed back home to Williamsburg. Ugh, great. Just great. Like why did I always have to do the groceries? Seriously. Why!
Chewing on my candy apple nails, a burst of doubt lighting up my extra-small core—like right below my bellybutton—I put away my smartphone and slowly, slowly turned toward my favorite preacher. Because I still didn’t know if I was like actually going to go through with this or not. Because I mean maybe I shouldn’t. Because I mean maybe he wasn’t the right one. Maybe I should wait. Maybe I—NO! Stop. I definitely wasn’t about to let all these doublecrossing weeds grow. Definitely not. Shaking my really cute head I quickly reminded myself that there definitely wasn’t anything to worry about because I had like definitely done my research and this was definitely the reason I’d been leaving the Comfort Station early for the past two or three weeks. To be like totally sure. I nodded. I nodded twice. Because this dirty hobo right here was like definitely my ticket to Hollywood. Definitely. I took a deep breath, carefully smoothed out all the workday wrinkles in my black-on-black gallery geisha outfit, and then, holding on tighter than tight to my canvas tote bag, I tippy-toed up behind the collapsible step stool, the smelly scarecrow now crouched and growling to himself while shoving loose change, blankets, gas masks, canned food, cardboard signs, pamphlets and bloody scalps and who knows what other prepping supplies into his neon-pink shopping bag.
“Excuse me, sir,” I whispered, my heart pounding up against my extra-small ribcage.
But the crouching goblin didn’t say a thing, didn’t even turn around. He just kept on growling and groaning into his neon-pink shopping bag.
I tried again. “Sir?” squeaking and raising my really friendly voice. 
Still nothing.
Ugh! A little annoyed now (I definitely didn’t have time for this sort of thing), I stretched out an impatient finger and gently, but firmly, poked-a-poked the kneeling preacher in his very rude shoulder blade—and like a spring-loaded trap the jean jacket swiveled into action and before I knew what was happening a greasy paw had me by the fingertip and an unplucked unibrow was growling and groaning up at little ol’ me!
I blinked, I winced, I stuttered—“Uh, I, sor-sorry, to bother, you, but I—but I was wondering if I could like buy you a cup of coffee or something?” 
The gutter wolf snapped his greenbrown teeth at me, squeezed my really cute finger. I tried my very best to pull myself free but the greasy paw just squeezed and squeezed. Just squeezed and squeezed. Totally about to faint, totally about to yell fire, I rolled back my canary eyes and chirped—“I promise I won’t take too much of your time, sir. I know a place around here that only uses organic coffee grains. Plus they’re like really well reviewed and I’m sure you’ll definitely like their Italian roast. Oh and obviously you won’t have to pay for a thing. Not one thing.” 
A sinister smile creasing his dingleberry beard, the unemployable yeti abruptly let go of my smushed fingertip and a delicious shiver tickle-tickled up and down my spine as the blood pulsed-pulsed back into place. Oh, my, God. This whole thing felt—amazing . . .
#
Smaller than small black speakers were oozing indie rock lullabies over the chitchatting coffee connoisseurs (Ugh as usual the Pretentious Cup was like way beyond packed), and even though I seriously loved the coffee in this place, I definitely wasn’t feeling their choice in crybaby noise today. Definitely not. So instead of just sitting and taking it I waved my really thin arms and tried my very best to swat the cliché songs away. I waved my right arm, I waved my left. But obviously the dissonant sap just kept on dripping and dripping down my innocent little ears. On repeat. Ugh! I sighed. I sighed and went back to picking at my nails. I picked at my candy apple nails and thought really hard about what would happen to the earth when the sun had like totally burned up its hydrogen core and half squeezed, half bloated itself up into a hungry red giant. I picked at my nails and waited for my new best friend to say or do something—anything!—which might make it like a little easier to ignore the obnoxiously fashionable couple sitting and sulking one table over. Because I definitely didn’t like the way they were titling and using their stylish, almost-buzzed haircuts to signal for help from the tattoo-sleeved barista behind the espresso bar. (It was like seriously annoying and seriously uncalled for!) Even though, to be like totally fair, the logo-lacking rags propped up across from me definitely did reek of Lyme disease and death. Plus it definitely was somewhat true that sometimes some people on the way to some bathroom were somehow tripping on someone’s black combat boots. People were tripping, people were judging, people were barfing on their trendy clothes and pointing at little ol’ me! Ugh! No fair! I blushed and clenched my precious little pride into a tighter than tight fist. Because even though I like kinda understood where everyone was coming from, I was like still about to stand up and punch each one of these snooty bastards in his or her snooty esophagus. On principle! 
I stood up. I pulled my extra-small fist back but before I could get off my first righteous jab to the throat my dumpster-diving companion slammed his handmade mug down on the table and burped. Burped twice then growled—“Are you fucking ready to talk about the salvation of your immortal fucking soul! Ey! Are you fucking ready!”
I snorted and sat back down on the metal chair. “Uh, no. I don’t think so.”
“No?” The hobo’s witch doctor eyes narrowed, his unibrow sprouted another clump of ingrown hairs. “What the fuck do you wanna fucking talk about then?”
I cracked my tiny knuckles and jumped right into my sales pitch. “Okay, so here’s the deal. I don’t know if you’ve noticed but—wait, what did you say your name was again?”
“I didn’t fucking say.” The gutter wolf snapped his greenbrown teeth at me. “But it’s Giacomo. Giacomo fucking Jones.”
I licked my really cute lips. “Giacomo. Perfect. That’s really a perfectly perfect name.” I sipped on my soy cappuccino. “So here’s the thing, Giacomo. I don’t know if you’ve noticed or not, but I’m on the verge of becoming a really big deal. Like a massive deal.”
Giacomo’s cheese-knotted mustache gave a violent twitch.
“That’s right—massive. I’m going to be ridiculously famous. Ridiculously rich. And here’s the thing.” I leaned in. I leaned in all the way and whispered—“So could you.”
A revolting rivulet of Italian roasted slobber trickled and splattered all over my delicate fingers, the eavesdropping couple next to us letting out two or three astonished gasps.
“That’s right,” I nodded, trying my very best not to gag. “If you wanna, and I really don’t know why you wouldn’t wanna, you could like totally become ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich. Because I think you’re definitely just what we need—”
“Shut the fuck up!” Giacomo hammering a greasy paw into the table, coffee splashing all over me and the walls, black and white photographs plummeting to the linoleum floor, shattering in slow, slow, slow motion, the fashionable couple next to us flinching and yelling something or other about their “ruined” clothes, the tattoo-sleeved barista watching us from behind the bulky espresso machine, one hand frothing the milk, one finger tap-a-tapping his smartphone, getting ready to tap-a-tap 911 . . .
After calmly wiping the greasy goo off my glasses, I made sure to put on my very best suburban smile when I said, “What’s wrong? Don’t you like get what’s going on here? Don’t you like get that I’m asking if you wanna be in my movie? If you wanna be the superhero of my movie. Doesn’t that sound like really really fun?”
“Oh I fucking get it now,” Giacomo snapped, Giacomo coughed, “you’re another one of those fucking film students. How many times do I have to tell you motherfuckers that I’m not interested in being in a fucking documentary!”
“Uh, no. Definitely not.” I reached into my tote bag. “First off, I’m not a student. I graduated like two or three years ago. Second, I’m definitely not working on a documentary—I hate documentaries. And third, I’m here to find out if you’d like to be part of what’s sure to be my very successful romantic comedy.” I pulled out my ultrathin laptop. I sipped on my soy cappuccino and started to type. “Now I know what you’re thinking, and no, don’t worry, you definitely don’t need to know how to act. Just be yourself and I pinky promise you’ll like totally be fine. All I need is for you to answer a few easy questions and then we can move on to the fun stuff. Is that okay?”
Nothing. Like all I got for a really rude response was a graywhitepink dandruff wafer that slowly, slowly wafted up into the hazelnut cross breeze as my favorite preacher scratched two or three rat turds off his Gorgon dreadlocks. As my favorite preacher probably definitely scratched and chewed on the eternal question—yay or nay, or nay yay, or—but since I definitely didn’t have time for all that, I went ahead and asked anyway. “So like where are you from?”
“What the fuck? What the fuck do you care? What the fuck does it matter? Chicago.”
“Okay, that works . . . And what’s your ethnicity?”
 “Jesus fucking Christ!” Giacomo pounding on the table, “This planet is going to shit and all you motherfuckers wanna talk about is more meaningless shit! The fuck’s wrong with you fucks!” 
“Whoa, calm down. I’m just trying my very best to cover all my bases. I just need to know a little bit more about your cultural and socioeconomic background so that I can figure out the best way to get us both ridiculously rich, ridiculously—”
 “Jesus fucking Christ! The fuck’s it matter if my pops drove a fucking garbage truck! The fuck’s it matter if my mom was born in Mexico! The fuck’s it matter if they’re all fucking dead! Don’t you motherfuckers care about the salvation of your immortal fucking souls!”
I looked up from my laptop screen. “Oh, so you’re mixed. I knew there was something special about you . . . But don’t worry, I definitely don’t discriminate. I’m Jewish by the way. In case you were wondering.”
“I don’t give a flying fuck!”
I smiled and gave my tiny wrist just enough of a counterclockwise flick to gather up all the brain-boosting espresso grains stuck to the swirling bottom. I took one last sip of my soy cappuccino, then said, “And what did you do before you decided to be homeless? Actually, no. Don’t worry about that. I’ll take care of that. Okay, last question. But this one is definitely a real deal breaker. You are in your twenties, right? Right?”
Giacomo’s demon-black tongue poked itself out through his cactus beard and slurped up a prickly coffee crystal. He swallowed, coughed, burped, spit, sneezed, adjusted his crotch, sneezed, and I felt really confident that under this second sphinxlike sneeze, I could like totally and actually hear an insecure but very serious Yes—a definite Yes!
“Great!” I said. “You know I was definitely a little worried there, what with your disgusting beard and all that. But I’m glad we got that all cleared up. You know I think that’s like all we need to get started and—”
“Stop! What the fuck’s in this for me!”
I brushed back my bangs and swatted another cliché indie rock song away. “Well, here’s the deal. I’m willing to offer you like thirty-three percent of all our ticket sales. I think that’s like totally fair. And trust me, there’s going to be tons and tons of ticket sales . . . Deal?”
Giacomo shook his extra-large jean jacket. “Coffee. Just buy me the fucking coffee.”
“Oh, okay,” nodding and closing my laptop. “I guess that’ll definitely work . . . Anyway, I have to get going now. These next two or three months are going to be like ridiculously busy. At the gallery we’re supposed to be like getting ready for this really important opening but we haven’t even installed any of the pieces yet. Ugh, I just know I’m going to be working overtime. Plus I’m definitely a little worried about finishing and submitting this movie before the deadline—I mean, our movie. But yea, okay, whatever. We’ll figure it out. Oh and I’m assuming you definitely don’t have Facebook or email or Twitter or anything like that. Ugh, you probably don’t even have a smartphone . . . Oh well, no biggie. I’ll find you.” I stood up and swung my canvas tote bag over my shoulder, “accidently” slamming it into the fashionable couple’s fashionable faces while I read Precious’s new text message. Apparently she wanted to know if I could like please-oh-please stop by the pharmacy and pick up her prescription refill? Ugh!
I pushed my glasses up my antsy but really cute button nose. “Alright, I’ll see you later. Bye.” I turned and started skipping away through the Pretentious Cup.
“Slow the fuck down! What’s your fucking name!”
Pivoting hard on my blue and yellow vintage sneakers I twirled and held out an upper-middle-class hand. “Oh yea, sorry about that,” smiling my very best suburban smile. “I’m Zoe. Zoe Dreamstein. It’s like totally nice to finally meet you, Giacomo. You know I think we’re definitely going to be a blockbuster team. Definitely.” Then I twirled back around and, after remembering to blow a kiss to the tattoo-sleeved barista behind the bulky espresso machine, left my favorite homeless preacher all alone inside the swankier than swanky coffeeshop . . . 
Outside, charmingly bundled in sidewalk silhouettes, in toasty eagerness, multiethnic clusters of tipsy coworkers were laughing and swaying up and down 14th Street, laughing their way out of TWO FOR ONE happy endings, swaying their way into ALL YOU CAN STOMACH sushi slapstick, the autumn metropolis droning with chemical glee, with orange and black neurosis. Feeling good, real good, I reached into my tote bag, grabbed a mouthful of Starburst snacks, then put my bone-white headphones in and scrolled through my smartphone for the perfectly perfect fit to my winning mood while dodging two or three delivery boys swerving past me with pizza on their heads . . . Bingo. Hardcore techno beats now thump-a-thumping between my temples, my really long legs steering me through the quickening night, I chewed, I giggled, I jumped up and down and gave startled strangers high fives and bro-style chest bumps. Savoring the sugary sting on my cute little palms, the bruised tears on my rosy cheeks. Excited, so ridiculously excited! Because I like finally had my superhero. Because I like finally knew how my opening scene was going to play out and it was like just a matter of semantic time before I suddenly found myself ridiculously rich, ridiculously famous. I licked my thinner than thin lips. I sidestepped a panhandling preschooler and went back to working on my acceptance speech. “Oh boy oh boy. I’d definitely like to start off by thanking the Academy!”


Opening Vibes or a Prelude to a Party


6:15 AM or so. In the smog, in the dark, a post-9/11 pomegranate sun begins its totally epic ascent up the American mountaintop. Slivers of pinkred light seep into the apartment, the ceiling vents trembling with bacon puffs, with sausage gusts. And while free-range eggs are fried and served, fried and served, fried and served at the 24-hour diner downstairs, a really impatient director pours pancake batter up our favorite superhero’s walnut nose and watches his snoring head sizzle on honeycomb dreams, on alarm clock jingles. Watches him blink, blink twice before punching off his blueredyellow Superman covers and faceplanting out of his sofa bed—growling, groaning, growling . . . Our favorite superhero rubbing his rooster eyes. Sneezing. Sneezing twice. And like flickering floodlights in a mellow mist a new day gradually flares and fans out across the countrywide arena. From coast to coast. East to West. The daily routine kicking off with the vague shuffling of bare feet on chilly floor tiles. The daily routine condensing into familiar form with the turning left of a shower knob—a yesterday’s worth of delay before the blast of scalding purpose over halfway here, preyuppie skin . . . 
Great Lakes body wash. South Side shampoo. University of Illinois conditioner. 
Glistening like a superhairy rubber ducky Giacomo Jones steps out of the shower and towel dries his massive genius. He brushes, flosses, gargles an entire bottle of minty mouthwash, then dozes off against the steam-slick bathroom walls for two or three delicious seconds . . . A full-body growl wipes away the sleepy saliva. Giacomo lathers his muzzle, his prickly chin. He shaves the shapeshifting ghost in the really foggy mirror and thinks about what he’ll say to her today . . . Faucet off, tender brown cheeks totally smooth, totally kissable, our cologne-soaked superhero stumbles out of the bathroom and leans over his IKEA dresser, the daily routine embalming him in star-spangled merino wool socks, Superman boxer briefs. In London-gray slacks and denim dress shirt. Our favorite superhero shoving his arms, his crew cut, his fleshier than fleshy gut, into a go-getter’s green sweater. Our favorite superhero farting. Farting twice as he stuffs his extra-large feet into a pair of Chuck Taylor All-Stars. Classic-black, obviously . . .
6:40 AM or so. A post-Twitter chariot of trending ambition slides and skids at 186,282 miles per second across the digitally altered topography of the United States of A. Smell the freshly brewed coffee in the autumn air. Picture the buttered toast—the crunchy cereal in his superhairy paws. Because even though he’s like definitely part of the 300-million-plus and counting, our twentysomething superhero stands all by himself in this totally cramped kitchen, chomping away on his usual breakfast while flip-a-flipping through this week’s graphic novel (Z For Zealous, obviously). He’s chomping and flipping and thinking about all those kids scattered like Halloween candy across the wicked cities and spooky suburbs—trapped in misplaced towns, eerie farms—all those action figure boys and dreaming little girls wolfing down their rainbow cereals and getting ready for school, for recess, for life on earth . . . Our superhero licks his spoon and growls. Because that was like definitely him once. Like once upon a time in very somber Chicago. And even now, from this studio apartment, from this very distant—in space, in time—Manhattan bachelor pad, he can like still definitely spot a penny of sweat over on that table, in that totally cramped kitchen—a penny of sweat clanging down a one gallon milk jug, next to a really tall glass of pulp-heavy orange juice, next to the cardboard placemats for his two or three older brothers and his supercute baby sis. He’s pretty sure there’s even half a stick of butter melting somewhere over there . . . Running the underside of his extra-large tongue over each of these tangytart memories, slurping on his usual cup of French press coffee, our favorite superhero stands here and eats his usual breakfast (granola clusters, half a yellowbrown banana, toast), but somehow, somehow he can like still definitely see what’s going on over there. Like way over there in the scarlet squeezed past. He scratches his Marine-style crew cut and burps. Burps twice . . .
7:00 AM or so. Door by door, a post-Obama workforce filters out into a totally ambiguous security state. Out into that emotion-fracked lovechild of a premature nation that pooped out when powerpacking Washington met fantasy-freaky Hollywood, married sleazy but oh-so-seductive Wall Street, and while still lusting for really exotic Riyadh, had a stock option kind of affair with sun-wired Silicon Valley. But then again, what does control really mean when you have weed and healthcare? When all your favorite TV shows are like just a doubleclick away . . . Hiccupping these and other seditious bubbles away, our caffeinated superhero tosses aside his morning read, slurps up the last of his morning brew, then glances up at the ugly florescent wall. He watches the time-hungry arrows eat off one last sentimental second, then wipes his refocused muzzle on his sleeve and swallows all the lumpy years away. He tosses his cereal bowl and Superman mug into the kitchen sink. Because it’s like obviously time to get going. He nods and triple-checks his triple-stitched pockets—apartment keys, smartphone, wallet. He nods. All systems go. Gritting his canines and strapping his neon-pink messenger bag tight across his chest, Giacomo Jones then sprints out the front door and leaps twentysomething stories down into the optimistic blue, ready to seize and rip to fucking success whatever’s in store for him on this side of paradise—a laser beam of possibility cutting through the New York City skyline as our favorite superhero parachutes down 1st Avenue, the morning rush dazzling away any and all itchy-itchy night terrors which might or might not be following us on our way to the nearest subway stop. Which might or might not wanna steal our monthly Metro pass. Or worse. Like much, much worse . . .
7:15 AM or so.
Chapter Two
I stared at the screen. I stared at my laptop screen and yawned the afternoon away. I was like totally tired, totally comatose. Plus I still couldn’t like actually believe I’d made it into work this morning after staying up all night with Precious. (We made chicken with couscous. We spent the night drinking two or three bottles of Merlot and wishing upon a healthy boy.) Because I mean it was just so incredible, so deliciously magical, to think that for the first time in who knows how many hangovers, I’d like actually won the Battle of the Comfy Covers! And not only that, but somehow, after tossing and turning and reeling my thrashing mind up off my waterbed, somehow I’d like still had enough willpower left to wiggle my really long legs into my black dress, my black tights, and then scissor-skip through the Williamsburg drizzle with like just enough time to catch the next L train into misty Manhattan! Oh boy, oh my, the whole thing had been like seriously breathtaking . . . I yawned. I yawned and nibbled on my cheesy six o’clock lunch, my fancy mouse eyes skimming over the newest post in my favorite ‘How to Make It Big in the Film Industry’ blog. (Today’s post featuring the ‘Top Ten Must Knows’ for every aspiring director, every aspiring twentysomething.) I read and ate. Ate and read. All by myself in this totally barren gallery space . . .
Someone knock-a-knocked on the glass.
Chewing, reading, chewing I looked up from my one-dollar pizza slice and spied, for like the second or third annoying time today, an elderly Indian couple jumping up and down on the wet sidewalk. Jumping up and down and pounding their boutique shopping bags up against the window glass, their leathery faces contorted into soundless screams and copper death masks. I brushed back my really cute bangs, the skeleton couple now dancing in circles and flapping their camelhair trenchcoats at me. I frowned and rapped my candy corn nails on the reception desk, then slowly pointed to the sign on the door—THE COMFORT STATION IS CLOSED FOR INSTALLATION. Because I mean couldn’t these geriatric exhibitionists like see that nothing was going on in here? Couldn’t they like see that except for a few cardboard geysers spewing Styrofoam peanuts all over the floor, the gallery was like totally empty. Totally boring and off-white. So why couldn’t grandpa and grandma just fuck on off! Ugh! . . . Eventually though, after a few more silent horror screams, the howling shopaholics spun away and doggy paddled deeper into the Lower East Side. On their way to Little Italy maybe. Or Chinatown. Or who knows . . . I yawned. I sipped on my extra-large energy drink and got back to my reading—like seriously regretting that I hadn’t borrowed more than one of Precious’s pixie dust pills this morning. Because even that one tasty Adderall tablet had definitely been, along with four yummy-yummy espresso shots, like the only thing keeping me relatively functional through the twelve hours of Gulag-style hard labor which, among other horribly horrible things, had included unloading a semi truck, lifting and moving a pair of sixty-pound shipping crates, digging through bubble wrap booby traps, splicing high-voltage wires, drilling into concrete, arc welding, and like pretty much doing everything I definitely had NOT expected to be doing two or three years out of NYU with an honor’s degree in continental philosophy. Ugh, definitely not. I took a really small bite out of the crunchy crust. I sighed. Oh well. At least I had Giacomo now. At least I had my homeless ticket out of this colorless dump . . . 
I finished my lunch, my dinner, and finished the really helpful ‘Fake It Till You Make It’ article. Then, while my trying my very best to lick the mildewy paste off my yellowwhite teeth, I rewatched the two- or three-minute trailer to the sci-fi blockbuster which I was like seriously dying to see. Opening in two or three months at a theater near me, it had something to do with massive spaceships—with Omaha, Nebraska. But it was like really hard to tell what exactly it was all about and I totally liked that about it. Oh yes, I totally did. I rewatched the trailer again. And again. And again . . .
At six-thirty or so I started to pack up. 
I kicked off my stiletto heels, gently eased my ten blistered toes into my blue and yellow vintage sneakers, and then started to make my way to the basement so that I could tell bitchy blonde Lola, the other gallery assistant, the other gallery geisha, that I was heading out now so she’d have to close on up by herself tonight. For a change. But then I smiled. I smiled because that stuck-up blonde bitch could like definitely figure it on her own. Besides she was probably sleeping her hangover off down there anyway. As usual . . . So without saying goodbye I grabbed my tote bag, grabbed my bone-white headphones, scrolled through my smartphone until I scrolled on Amy Winehouse, and then resurfaced out onto a windy, a wizened, a totally flaccid Orchard Street. Ugh, gross. Seriously disgusting. I held my breath and treaded through droopy dog shit. I held my breath and treaded through putrid time . . .
#
After almost pulling the emergency brake on my way up the Island Kingdom (I seriously thought I was going to miss my stop!), I scrambled up out of the reptilian subway grotto and glided like Princess Odette up the filthy gray steps. Blooming out into a velvet-veined sky of lavender and luxury. Yay! Yay yay! Ballerina-twirling and breathing in the fall fragrances—the cinnamon whiffs, the pumpkin pie sniffs. With hints of anxiety-purging nutmeg. Of apricot money! Raising my really thin arms to the Upper East Side chateaus. Waving to the gorgeous gentlemen, to the sophisticated mademoiselles inching their Pinocchio beaks out from behind diamond-embroidered curtains to sniff and snort and smirk down at me from the unreality of their apartment summits. But I like definitely didn’t care. Definitely not. Because it was like a really small price to pay for these rainless clouds, these porcelain sidewalks which clapped and cheered as I twirled in my gallery geisha outfit along East 77th Street. Twirling and bowing for my future fans, my jet set patrons-to-be. And because I was like definitely worth it, I made a pit stop and splurged at a French delicatessen on Madison Avenue—Les Fleurs du Ritz—where I treated myself to a delicious café mocha, and a happiness-powdered almond croissant. I stuffed my really cute face with whipped cream. With warm dough.
Feeling almost like a human again, headphones back on (Stravinsky, the Firebird), I coasted along the ivy-garnished landmark streets, navigated the bistro avenues, and sailed my really long legs into Central Park a tree or so below the Metropolitan Museum of Art—the park recently refurbished in gold, in flame. Happy as a spider monkey I swung from ornamental vine to copper shrub, from North American elm to Norway maple, from straw-yellow willow oak to ruby-fruited dogwood. I swung and swung and soared way above the amber leaves and honeysuckle bonfires. But either I stumbled or I slipped. Or I dived and died. All I know is that I suddenly came a-crashing down through the brutal branches and before I could like even reach for a handhold or a stabilizing prop my innocent glasses had smacked, whacked, and dragged themselves blind across the gravel footpath and up a really small bridge . . . 
Ouch! Double ouch! I dusted my dizziness off and blinked, blinked twice at the field of silhouetted skyscrapers winking across the marmalade at me—the lake flickering with blood orange jam, with sunset splinters which zigzagged and flared above my left eye like a Harry Potter-esque lightening bolt . . . More than a little woozy, more than a little annoyed, I slowly rubbed my gerbil eyes and—NO! Fuck shit fuck! My glasses were like totally scratched! Fuck shit fuck! Ugh! Great. Just great. Like actually about to cry and call 911, I gripped the handrails as hard as I possibly could, then slowly, slowly inched my vintage blue and yellow sneakers across the shakier than shaky bridge. I held my breath. I squeezed my mind shut and tried my very best to stomp away all the vindictive little gremlins springing up with each painful plank squeak. Because this was like the same exact shiny spot where, two or three weeks ago, I had wobble-wobbled out of my breakup blackout. The same exact shiny stop where, after two or three drunk dials, I had wobble-wobbled then screamed then flailed then faceplanted into the citylit water. Like actually almost sinking and drowning because no one’s ever ever taught me or my really long legs how to swim or float or like nothing really nice like that! . . . Luckily I was only two or three feet deep . . . Wheezing, sighing, wheezing I took off my glasses and rubbed away two or three wasted years, then hocked a yellowred loogie into the lake and watched it disappear under the heartbroken surface without a goodluck ripple or a see you around tidal wave or a nothing nothing nothing! 
I put away my backstabbing headphones. I slung my tote bag around my slender neck, climbed back up the nearest tree trunk, and with the loud night now falling across my really cute face, hurried over the rest of the lava-red leaves, trying my very best to watch my really long legs this time—holding firm to my slippery thoughts this time—and definitely making sure not to tumble back down to doublecrossing earth till I was like totally clear of the suffocating park and totally breathing normally along West 77th Street . . . 
#
I pulled on the heavy doors and tippy-toed inside. I tippy-toed and skipped over the yucky puddles, the beer-thick shadows. I skipped over to where a gargoyle in a ketchup-spotted wifebeater was perched on a stool, in the dark, with a smartphone glowing on his chiseled lap. I coughed. The gargoyle coughed. I coughed. The gargoyle coughed. I coughed, the gargoyle coughed. I coughed and this time a pair of stone-cold eyes slowly, slowly, slowly raised themselves up from the hypnotic blue glow. And coughed. But like all I could do was smile my very best suburban smile as the bodybuilder bouncer checked and scanned my New York State-issued ID.
“I re-re-re-mem-ber, you,” the gargoyle trying to move his jaw. “You’re the-the-the one, who, got in a-a-a fight with that du-du-dude. The-the-the one with the bow, the bow, the bowtie.”
I squeezed my extra-small fists. I hissed through my precious little teeth. “Yea well that’s like all in the past. Just let me in. I definitely won’t make a scene. But just so you know, right now you’re like literally standing in the way of ‘The Next Big Thing’ in Hollywood.”
The steroid-inflated bouncer hesitated, thought hard about calling for backup, for a spotter or something. But then he just shrugged and stuttered, “O-o-o-kay,” waving me inside the bar with an unclipped thumb. “But-but-but I don’t wa-wa-want any trouble. I’ll be-be-be watching—you.”
Nodding my really cute bangs I swerved away from the gargoyle’s rock-hard biceps and pivoted deeper into the Drunken Clinamen, the Irish pub where I was meeting up with my favorite professor—my favorite ex-professor that is. Because we were scheduled to go over the next scene in what was obviously going to be my ridiculously successful rom-com!
Mythmaking Monday
“Today’s the day I fucking ask her!”—This is like seriously the one and only thought racing through Giacomo’s brain as he elbows his way though the revolving glass doors and barges into the translucent Coliseum with a double thumbs up to the one-eyed security guard picking his eye patch behind the reception desk and like not even looking up or acknowledging our favorite superhero as he gladiator-charges across the amphitheater’s roaring lobby—Giacomo swiping his photo ID card, Giacomo tumbling over the clapping turnstiles and faceplanting inside a metal Rubik’s Cube. Dusting off his go-getter’s green sweater, pressed up tight at the front of the elevator, our favorite superhero gives a quick violent nod to his smartphone-gripping comrades, the two or three of them totally silent, totally smothered by their Brooks Brother’s egos. Giacomo nods then closes his donkey eyes and waits for his second or third daily dose of autobiographical screenshots to play across the magic lantern insides of his eyelids . . . There’s a townlike city on a massive lake. There’s a South Side story with a trash-tough widower and four or five hungrier than hungry stomachs. There’s violence, heroin, teenagers and gangs. There’s anger. There’s anger everywhere . . . But even all the anger in the world isn’t enough to keep the banners from fluttering. To keep the banners from fluttering above this no-exit income level like street-shedding butterflies. Giacomo Jones now growling and groaning and howling out his valedictorian speech over his cheering high school. Giacomo Jones howling and howling until a drive-by shooting behind the podium sends all the baby butterflies fluttering for cover . . . But two or three bullets later and our favorite superhero is on a full-ride scholarship to the University of Illinois. There’s four years of late-night study sessions. Of working part-time at the IT department. Four years of sex. Of drunk bliss. Of sober bliss . . . There’s a Chicago winter and a midnight fire . . .Wincing, blinking, wincing our favorite superhero watches the floors go counting up. Because even though he’s like always had these Monday morning reveries—or as he likes to call them, “The Fucking Tweets of the Techie as a Fucking Young American”—the picture quality just keeps on getting sharper and sharper by the week. Painfully sharp . . . The elevator doors slide open. Rubbing his ox eyes and opening wide his jaws, Giacomo Jones, one of the two or three cofounders of an early-stage tech startup, steps out onto the fortysomethingth floor of the somewhat recently completed One World Trade Center (that 104-story bottle of China glass almost known as the ‘Freedom Tower’). Giacomo Jones steps out and sneezes all over Lower Manhattan. Sneezes twice . . .
This sparkling architecture. This streamlined décor. These relentlessly buzzing servers. 
His neon-pink messenger bag strapped tight across his chest Giacomo Jones starts off the morning, every morning, by walking—well, at this hour it’s more like a really laidback stroll—from the elevator to the all-purpose game room tucked tight at the end of the floor. Where there’s everything a preyuppie needs to make it bigger than big . . . There’s coffee, there’s tea. There’s a foosball table and a keg of Trappist beer, energy bars and cans of diet soda, instant oatmeal, candy, an electronic drum set, candy, a full bar, a pair of really comfortable bean bags, candy, energy drinks, candy, two or three pinball machines and an octagon in the shape of a sofa, candy, a dart board, a pool table, ninety-nine flavors of Greek yogurt, a projector screen, a ping pong table, a beer pong table, peanuts and pretzels, bananas, caffeine pills, cyanide capsules, who knows how many flavors of e-cigarettes, who knows how many sex toys, old and new school video games, a Jacuzzi, a sauna, a steam room which doubles as a confessional, and of course, more coffee. Yawning, burping, yawning Giacomo’s superhairy fingers hack through the plastic packages—back and forth, back and forth—until they pinch on tight to a deliciously bold Sumatra blend. Following instructions our favorite superhero shoves the plastic package ‘this side up’ into the mysterious machine. Giacomo now scratching his crew cut and wondering, worrying even, whether or not the coffee grounds inside the plastic packages are like actually organic or not. And if they are, if they pass that litmus test, are they like actually fair trade or what? He wonders about these things. He wonders about these things and gives the foosball table a spin . . . 
Two or three morning miracles later and Giacomo figures there’s like obviously no easy way to tell and he obviously doesn’t give a flying fuck. He flicks his extra-large wrist—one of the foosball figurines scores a goal from half field . . .
Second or third cup of coffee in his gut Giacomo plops himself down on his baby blue exercise ball, at his comic strip-cluttered desk, one of ten along one of ten rows reserved at the back of the fortysomethingth floor for his company—Beloved Entropy. (Even though at the moment Beloved Entropy only actually has two or three full-time employees, Giacomo included, and one unpaid intern who doesn’t actually count as a real human being, let alone a W-2 employee.) By now, at 8:15 on a Monday morning, Giacomo Jones is already staring harder than hard at the four flashing screens which, depending on what side of the sofa bed he woke up, the size of his hangover, the day of the week, and the general mood of this 3rd planet from the terminally ill sun, are like either his bestest bestest friends or . . . or they’re like actually and have always been and will always be the most artificial, most intelligent, most uncanny enemies of all that is sweet and nice and totally true! . . . At the end of the aisle, to our favorite superhero’s far right, above the headscratchingly high-tech water cooler, a 42-inch flatscreen keeps a really silent lookout from up on the off-white wall, the wall totally bland and boring except for a colorful patch of Happy Thanksgiving stickers—a skinny pilgrim, a plump turkey, a burning tepee. The mute newscaster on the TV switching back and forth, back and forth between miming the monthly unemployment numbers, playing a game of charades with the weekly weather forecast (rain with a chance of hellfire), and using sign language to update the empty seats on any new details surrounding a brutal Central Park homicide—the streaming subtitles like always a word or so off and never ever matching Big Brother’s lemon lips. But since almost all of the office space on the fortysomethingth floor has yet to be leased out, for now our favorite superhero doesn’t have anyone to growl to about this mind-souring, Ministry of Revelation oversight. For now all we see and hear are the hundreds and hundreds of empty offices, empty chairs, empty recycling bins and those relentlessly buzzing servers . . . Taking another glance at the TV, Giacomo notices that Big Brother is wearing an itsy bitsy teeny weeny yellow polka dot necktie this morning. Giacomo slurps on his coffee and wonders how many South Side liquor store robberies that fucking tie’s worth . . .
Just then, swigging on his morning milkshake (cookies and cream with a shot of espresso), in his trademark silver hoodie and trademark silver sweatpants, Peter Winnerbilt, one of Beloved Entropy’s other cofounders, rolls up the aisle—literarily rolls up the aisle on his inline rollerblades.
“Sup, Giacomo,” Peter slapping Giacomo on the back and rolling toward his desk. “Where the hell’s that lazy intern?” 
Giacomo turns, nods. “No fucking idea. How the fuck’s it going?”
“Oh you know, just another Monday. How was your weekend?”
Peter swaps his rollerblades for a pair of five-hundred-dollar flip-flops, then tosses Giacomo a New England Patriot’s autographed football. Chatting, procrastinating, chatting the two or three cofounders toss the football back and forth, back and forth . . . 
Proudly tracing his genealogy all the way back, back, back to Plymouth Colony and two or three passengers on the Mayflower, pouty-lipped Peter Winnerbilt could easily serve as the poster boy for the ideal Wall Street male during those profitably decadent years before the 2008 financial crisis. Born and raised in Boston, the youngest son of a private equity bigwig, Peter had spent his middle school summers lifeguarding in Nantucket, spent his high school captaining the water polo team at his New England boarding school, spent his college years rowing the crew team at Yale to multiple national championships, and had spent his twenties making a name for himself at one of the bulge bracket banks, on the mergers and acquisitions team. In his thirties now, his personal net worth valued in the millions, his family fortune in the billions, Peter is quicker than quick to explain to anyone who might even be thinking about asking—that his reasons for leaving Wall Street had nothing whatsoever to do with the financial crisis. Nope, not at all. It was just that he couldn’t stand to spend all day in a suit anymore. Not to mention that finding the time every two or three weeks to cut his head-turning head of shiny silver hair had seriously become a logistical nightmare. So it was really more of a lifestyle choice than anything else. A simple lifestyle choice . . . Giacomo just nodding and grinning whenever he hears this total fucking bullshit. Because he’s like definitely heard all the whispers about pouty-lipped Peter having had some sort of American Psycho-type meltdown which pretty much like totally guaranteed that he’d never ever work in finance again. But either way, true or false, Giacomo doesn’t really give one flying fuck as long as his business partner keeps the money flowing in. And that’s exactly what Peter’s been doing ever since they met two or three years ago at a ‘Who’s Who in Life’ networking event, when Giacomo had just moved to the city and was being hailed in all the industry blogs as the most brilliant software engineer to ever work at Google. In a rented tux, stumbling drunk, our favorite superhero had just been way too busy growling and groaning and thoroughly enjoying his high society debut to watch where he was going or to notice Peter, on ‘leave’ from one of the bigger than big investment banks, causally flaunt his silky smooth nobility into the black-tie affair in the off chance that he might possibly find something worth staying kinda interested in life on earth for. He sincerely doubted it. But just as Peter Winnerbilt was flaunting his blue blood up to the open bar, one pouty finger tapping away at the pouty cleft in his pouty chin, Giacomo Jones had tripped on his slippery South Side genius and slammed his bulging bronze forehead into Peter’s pouty but surprisingly unyielding, swimmer’s pecs. Massive force fields collided. And while they then chugged champagne and did lines of pure Columbian cocaine in a bathroom stall (Peter’s get-to-know-me treat), our favorite superhero definitely didn’t waste any time in pitching his idea for a new type of online dating site. “Now here’s the fucking thing,” Giacomo rubbing his walnut nose. “Everyone fucking knows that the fucking problem with all these fucking dating sites is that they match fucks based on a fucking arbitrary measure of compatibility. Personality surveys, hair color, religion, dietary restrictions, if you like it up the fucking ass or not—whatever. But here’s the fucking thing. Those fucking amateurs don’t know shit about shit above love. Because truelove can’t fucking be determined by static fucking variables. I don’t give a flying fuck how many motherfucking filters you apply to the fucking data. It just can’t fucking be done because truelove doesn’t have shit to do with a fuck’s pre-stress equilibrium. You’ve got to apply the fucking pressure. Listen. Truelove is a fucking dynamic process which only takes place in a fuck’s psyche when at least two or three fucks respond to a threatening situation as a cohesive unit. That’s when you fucking bond. When it starts becoming Us versus Them,” Giacomo snorting another line into his brain. “So I fucking say we just speed up the natural fucking process. I say we fucking make a dating site that doesn’t match user profiles. No fucking way. That’s bush league. That’s a total waste of fucking money! What we do is we fucking build a site that matches user profiles with life-or-death scenarios. That’s fucking right. All we have to do is fucking optimize which life-or-death scenario will have the greatest likelihood of causing a fucking massive psychological breakdown in each user. (Of course we make sure that every motherfucker who wants to use our site signs a fucking waiver and pays upfront.) Then, once at least two or three fucks have been separately matched to the same scenario, we send a fucking van to each house, we blindfold them so that they don’t have a chance to make any superficial fucking judgments about each other, and then we fucking drop their asses off in a warzone or a radioactive marsh—whatever their fucking profiles call for. All we have to do is sit the fuck back, crack open a beer, and wait for their broken psyches to fucking fuse into a mutually dependent fight for fucking survival. Into a symbiotic shield against reality. We wait for true-fucking-love . . . Ey? What the fuck do you think?”
Peter chugged the rest of his Don Pérignon. Then said, “I think, Mr. Jones, that you might be the first real genius I’ve ever met. When can we get started?” And right then and there, in the bathroom stall, so that our favorite superhero could spend the next two or three years developing his genius “sans worldly distractions”, pouty-lipped Peter Winnerbilt, his patrician nose totally white with cocaine, took out his Revolutionary War-era checkbook, and in exchange for a 33% stake in Giacomo’s future, granted Giacomo an undisclosed, all-expenses-paid reprieve from life on earth. The very next day, in his Superman pajamas, Giacomo Jones walked into work seven hours late, grabbed his superhairy nuts and howled “Fuck you!” to each and every one of his coworkers at Google. Ex-coworkers, obviously . . . 
After thirty minutes or so of playing catch and listening to Peter’s weekend adventures—what clubs he and his Boston brahs balled up at, how many high-class hoes licked his lollipop, where he took his Connecticut fiancé to Sunday brunch—the two or three cofounders bunker down and put their game faces on. Time to work, time to blackout. Fighter pilot headset on (strictly 80’s and 90’s hip hop), our favorite superhero picks up where he left off this weekend and gets back to coding the ridiculously complicated algorithm responsible for matching psychological profiles with life-or-death scenarios. A couple of empty desks down the row, in his silver hoodie, in his silver sweat pants, Peter leans back in his ergonomic chair and props his five-hundred-dollar flip-flops on his desk. Milkshake in hand, he hits the phones. He calls potential investors, he calls marathon organizers, Tough Mudder organizers, he calls the mayors of the most dangerous cities on the planet, he calls whoever is winning the current conflict in various regions in Africa and Asia, he calls United States Central Command, he calls his NATO contacts, he calls his friends in Tijuana, in Juarez, in Rio, he calls lawyers, he calls insurance agents, he calls whoever’s willing to talk to him about the company, about the money. As Peter calls, as Giacomo codes, on the other side of the floor, over the endless rows of empty desks, vacant cubicles, we can hear their only other neighbor, the Anti-Aging Angels, filing in one by one from all across the Island Kingdom, from the bridge and tunnel fiefdoms and beyond—the eternity-thirsty researchers easing themselves into another Monday morning with a chorus of squeaky chairs and whispered Namastes, with sips of antioxidant green tea, Botox injections and Bible verses, with Kabbalistic permutations and testosterone therapy, multivitamins and hot yoga . . . A lavender bait suddenly swirls up Giacomo’s runny nostrils. He almost sneezes but stops short when he sees her purple and red plaid shirt come gliding up the aisle. Oh boy, oh boy! Here she is! Ladies and gentlemen, hailing from saltysweet LA, the one and only, Sophie Strudel! 
Her freckly face glittering with bluegray mascara sprinkles, Sophie glides to a stop and rests her Louis Vuitton handbag on Giacomo’s comic strip-cluttered desk, her milk chocolate hair pulled back and up into a ponytail, a bobbling ponytail. Sophie smiles a homecoming queen kind of smile. “Good morning, boss. Did you have a nice weekend?”
(A really talented web developer and Beloved Entropy’s first full-time hire, Sophie’s in charge of doing pretty much everything related to the launching of their website—design, content, navigation, etc.—and it obviously goes without saying that Giacomo Jones has a massive crush on his really smart, really sweet employee.)
“Wasn’t too fucking bad,” he answers with a sniffle. “How the fuck was yours?”
“Oh it was nice. Relaxing. I finally had time to visit a few museums, and like just hang out in my apartment.” 
Giacomo nods but then snaps his head back to keep the snot from running down his muzzle.
Brushing layers of laughter out of her greengold lamb eyes Sophie Strudel reaches into her handbag and whispers—“Here. Use this,” handing our favorite superhero a tissue.
“Eh, thanks,” pressing the lavender tissue up against his walnut nose. “Yea, I need to get the fuck over to a fucking museum one of these fucking days.” 
Sophie smiles but there really isn’t time for anything else. As Sophie then takes her seat down the row, next to Peter and his ringing phones, Giacomo sneezes, sneezes twice, then wipes his muzzle with the lavender tissue and realizes with a horribly horrible groan that he like totally forgot to ask her! Ugh, what a fucking fuck! He grits his canines and swears that he’s gonna fucking do it soon. Like real fucking soon . . . But apart from that sugary blip, Giacomo’s morning, like every morning, goes by in a bitter fast-forward blur—lines of code zipping across the four flashing screens, superhairy fingers fingering the keyboard keys, time ticking, time ticking, Giacomo coding and coding and like actually not registering anything other than the four flashing screens till 12:30 PM, when he hears Peter turn and order Ian the Intern, who was more than two or three hours late because both his grandparents died or there was a hostage situation on the subway or he had an orthodontist appointment or no one really cares, to make up for his hillbilly tardiness by getting his fat Alaskan ass over to the greasy joint around the corner and buying them two or three pepperoni pizzas. Snap snap . . . 
Fighter pilot headset still on Giacomo eats his four cheesy slices at his comic strip-cluttered desk, on his baby blue exercise ball, in front of his four flashing screens. He eats and codes. Eats and codes. All by himself in this totally barren programming space . . . 
2:20 PM. With his Midwestern locomotive quickly losing steam as the afternoon drags on, Giacomo slowly, slowly tabs through his favorite websites. He yawns and checks all the social media sites. Reads up on a little bit of celebrity gossip, a lot of tech gossip. He doubleclicks through the local news, skims over the national and international headlines. He watches random video clips and sports highlights. He streams a few episodes of the only cartoon show he ever watches (Loony Tunes, obviously). He twiddles away ticking time ticking time . . . At 4:35 PM, still coding, still slurping coffee, Giacomo thinks really hard about maybe possibly getting some work done on the Presentation—the Presentation which he and Peter will soon be flying out to give to a boardroom of cash-fed investors. The Presentation which will include a demonstration of their proprietary matching algorithm, a preview of their truelove website, and an in-depth explanation of how they totally intend to meet (and obviously exceed) their five-year growth figures. The Presentation which is everything and anything. The Presentation which is the beginning and the end—alpha, beta and omega. The Presentation . . . But then our favorite superhero burps, burps twice and decides to put off working on his speech for another day or so. He takes a minibreak. He waddles over to the floor-to-ceiling windows, presses his bulging bronze forehead against the dizzy glass and stares out over these bottomless crayon canyons, these reefs of structured desire jutting up through the yellow surface. And for the first time in a really long time, standing up here on the fortysomethingth floor of the Freedom Tower, Giacomo Jones wonders what his older brothers and baby sis would have been up to right now if they had like ever made it out. If they had like ever made it to New York City . . . 5:05 PM. The code seared into his retinas, Giacomo doesn’t even see the numbers and letters flashing across the four screens anymore. No, he feels them deep in his brain. Like self-replicating leeches. Each line on each screen its own kind of draining headache. Ah, Giacomo! Ah, Humanity! His fingernails start to bleed, his scalp starts to itch and sizzle. But our favorite superhero definitely doesn’t stop. Can’t stop won’t stop. No way. Not yet. Not now. Never! . . .
As usual, Sophie’s the first to leave. At 6:00 PM she grabs her Louis Vuitton handbag and glides back down the aisle, her greengold lamb eyes stopping to flirt over Giacomo’s four flashing screens—to say bye-bye with a wedding cake kind of sparkle—before then disappearing out into the world to go do whatever it is that smart, sweet, plaid-shirted people like Sophie Strudel do after work on a Monday. Giacomo watching her milk chocolate ponytail bobble over the vacant cubicles, over the endless rows. Giacomo sucking on his extra-large thumb and wishing he knew a little more about her. Wishing it didn’t take 1000 lines of clean and bug-free code a day to finish this ridiculously complicated algorithm in time for the Presentation. Wishing he didn’t have to work on his speech. Wishing—but before he can get himself too worked up he tells himself that he’s definitely definitely going to ask her out soon. Like real fucking soon . . . 
A few migraines later, talking on one of his ten smartphones, roller blades back on, Peter slaps Giacomo on the back and rolls out the aisle, leaving Giacomo all by his-groaning-self with the endless rows of empty desks, vacant cubicles, with a different lemon-lipped reporter on the TV, and not one real human to talk to. He codes. He codes. He codes . . . 7:00 PM. After coding the day’s last line, Giacomo rips off his fighter pilot headset, shuts down his computer, waits for the four flashing screens to fade to black then nods to the nonentity that is Ian the Intern. (Because even though he obviously doesn’t count as a real human being, Ian the Intern is obviously required to stay longer than all real human beings). Finally, finally, he’s off. Giacomo bounces off his baby blue exercise ball and takes the elevator down, neon-pink messenger bag strapped tighter than tight across his chest. He’s off, he’s off!
Ground Zero. Our favorite superhero nods to the one-eyed security guard picking his eye-patch behind the reception desk. Our favorite superhero sneezes, sneezes twice, and with a “Fuck all you motherfuckers!” front kick breaks though the revolving glass doors. Fuck yea, he’s made it. He’s happier than happy to be outside feeling the last warm waves on his muzzle. Happier than happy to be outside in all the unrecycled noise, the contrasting colors. He checks his smartphone—7:35 PM. Fuck! The dark be closing in. And fast! Taking two or three growling glances up at the spiraling city, the violet hour tightening its shadow over the Island Kingdom, Giacomo Jones grits his canines and charges after the dying day—
Chapter Three
The rain came, the rain went, the purplegray nozzle in the sky thundering on and off as some sicko up there like totally got off on swinging pressure systems back and forth, back and forth— two or three lightening winks twisting Manhattan with giggles of green light, the tropical downpour now easing itself into a haunted hush-hush, each spalike street mischievously quiet, mischievously pleasant and worry-free . . . But a few weather twerks later and that same naughty sprinkler overhead was rumbling its way back up to a concentrated cascade cannon—fracturing forearms, setting off car alarms, restoring anxiety levels—and mercilessly pounding the pavement until a second flood had like totally swept away all the skanky department store manikins, cancelled all credit card transactions . . . 
The rain came, the rain went, and holding my breath I pranced across Union Square in my see-through raincoat, in my plastic poncho, sidestepping oblong puddles, sidestepping backbreaking cracks, and trying my very best not to drop or spill the gourmet gift I was cradling closer than closer to my teeter-tottering chest.
Like a wet wraith I hovered up to the 14th Street-Union Square subway station.
“So guess what?” shuffling underneath the awning and handing my favorite preacher a cup of Ethiopian Yirgacheffe—which obviously his demon-black tongue immediately slurped up without even pretending to savor all the delicate flavors or wasting any time to say, “Hi, Zoe, thank you so very much! How have you been? You know, I’ve really missed you!” But I guess I couldn’t really blame him. Not really. Not when he was sitting and growling all by himself on his collapsible step stool, with five bloody fingernails picking at his seaweed dreadlocks, at the vomit crabs on his extra-large jean jacket, and with like nobody around to hear him preach or shriek or sing or nothing . . . Yea, I definitely couldn’t help but feel sorry for the poor bastard. Because I mean I’d like definitely be grumpy too if no one came to my outdoor recital. If like everybody canceled because of the stupid weather and nobody even cared enough to RSVP or text or call or nothing. Oh I’d definitely be grumpy too . . . 
Burping, groaning, burping Giacomo crushed the empty cup under his black combat boots and growled up at me. “What, are you fucking ready to focus on the salvation of your immortal fucking soul? Ey?” 
I sighed. “Uh, no, definitely not.” I wiped my scratched windshields. “But I met with one of my old professors and he said we totally might have a box-office hit on our hands. He said it’s a really promising start. And you literally have no idea how big of a deal this guy is. He’s huge. He’s massive. Plus he’s got like a ton of Hollywood connections and he told me he was totally willing to help us find a—”
“I don’t give a flying fuck!” Giacomo croaked and coughed. “Can’t you fucking see I’m busy here? Ey? Can’t you fucking see what I’m doing here? Ey! Go find another motherfucker to help you with your meaningless shit!”
“Ugh, whatever,” rolling my hamster eyes. “You know you really sound like my dad sometimes . . . Anyway, why don’t we take a walk or something? It looks like the rain’s letting up and I really need to stretch my legs. My quads are like seriously killing me from all the lifting I’ve been doing at the gallery. Plus I—”
“Jesus fucking Christ! Is this a fucking joke! Are you trying to fuck with me? How many times do I have to tell you to leave me the fuck—”
“I’ll buy you another cup of coffee,” I quickly added with my very best suburban smile and curtsy, fluttering my eyelashes and waving a five-dollar bill across my lovable lips . . .
The rain came, the rain went, and the next cloudy change in atmospheric texture found us trudging across the square together, the blue and white stripes on my favorite sweater flashing up through my plastic poncho as we trekked through the spongy fog, laughing and holding each other by our happily married hands (well, no, not exactly, for some reason Giacomo didn’t wanna hold my hand, even though I definitely wanted him to, oh I definitely did!). We walked east. Or I guess I walked and Giacomo just crawled along the curb beside me. Crawled and stuffed his bushy brown snout down in every gutter and bubbling drain he could possibly find—his really hairy nostrils trawling through the city trash, greenbrown canines sifting through garbage cans and recycling bins, through the 14th Street sarcophagi washed ashore by this sneakier than sneaky tempest—Giacomo suddenly letting out a half Caliban, half Prospero bellow of Vive la Résistance! when we turned a puddle and splashed into a pair of NYPD officers. AH!
Bulletproof arms folded in front of an unmarked van, the chunky ogres looked up from their handcuffed meal. Giacomo hid under his jean jacket, sprinted ahead. I blushed and tried my very best to ignore the grinning bastards giving me and my really long legs an X-rated ogle, their creepy sunglasses cutting through the postdiluvian haze . . . four aviator mirrors following us . . . four reflected, refracted cities following us . . . all the pretty buildings swaying like windmills above this grimy swamp of dollar-dollar aspiration . . . Blushing, frowning, blushing I tried my very best to keep up with my favorite preacher . . . 
Neither of us talked much. I think we were both just feeling down and out. Blue and bruised. At least I know I definitely was. Because even though I’d taken five ibuprofens and four aspirin, I like still had this headache which just wouldn’t quit. This throbbing tremor behind my left eye socket. This pecking. This squeezing . . . I sighed and leapt over the intersection-sized landfill on the corner of 14th and 3rd Avenue. Because I mean I probably definitely shouldn’t have stayed out so late. And I definitely shouldn’t have had that last tequila shot. Ugh, definitely not. Thank God they were fumigating the Comfort Station today. Thank God I didn’t have to go in and see bitchy blonde Lola today. Thank God . . . I left my favorite gutter wolf waiting outside in the toxic muck, chained tight to a fire hydrant and scratching his bloated gut, an ambulance howling behind him, howling down 2nd Avenue . . . The red and blue lights, the sirens. Ugh, it was all just making my headache like infinitely worse . . . 
But I was definitely feeling a whole lot better by the time I splashed back outside. Like so much better! Happily caffeinated, happily nibbling on a Twix bar I wanted to talk, to gossip and chat about my movie—about our movie. I wanted to carefully plan out what we were going to do once we got ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich! 
 “So what do you think of Peter and Sophie?” tossing Giacomo a dirty chai latte. “Do you like them? I mean I know what you’re probably thinking. And yea, I agree, Sophie does seem like your typical SoCal tease. But I definitely think she’s good enough for what we need. Even though, yea, I agree, she’s totally—”
“Shut the fuck up!” Giacomo frothing at the mouth and spewing coffee all over my plastic poncho then backflipping off the sidewalk and zigzagging through traffic, through pothole moats. Giacomo fleeing into Stuy Town without even thanking me or looking both ways or saying goodbye or like nothing at all! 
“Jeez. Fine.” I stepped up to the empty curb, my bubbly smile like totally washed away. “I guess we won’t talk about her . . .” I picked at my cotton candy nails, brushed the coffee tears off my see-through raincoat and rocked my really long legs from side to side, side to side while I waited oh-so-patiently for the pedestrian figurine to light on up. And when it did I looked both ways then quickly splashed across—my button nose lunging after Giacomo’s stench. My button nose dragging me under a parked MTA bus, the florescent billboard on its metal side advertising some new reality TV show or something. My button nose dragging me all the way under the Stuy Town apartment complex, under its red walls and brick bluffs . . . under . . . under . . .
Desperately coming up for air halfway down a graffiti-smeared alley tunnel I spotted one of Giacomo’s greasy paws digging through an overflowing dumpster. I watched him scoop up a soggy pizza slice—the mozzarella definitely had a greenblack tint to it, and the Italian sausage seriously looked and smelled like decomposing tuna salad. Like undercooked rat liver. I gagged on my coffee lid when Giacomo turned and smiled his sinister smile at me then shoved the floppy slice of fungus through his dingleberry beard, tomato sauce squirt-a-squirting all over his extra-large jean jacket, a web of greenblack cheesy pubes clinging to his Mario mustache. Gross. Totally gross. I closed my guinea pig eyes and tried my very best not to puke or feint . . . 
We were walking along the waterfront now. The wind had definitely kicked up. It swooshed up off the East River and whirled the black mulch and brown leaves round and round into a seriously unsafe halo of litter and liquor bottles. Plus all this windy trash was making it like even harder for the caravan of twentysomething unicyclists wobbling past us to stay in their stipulated lanes. They like just wouldn’t stop wobbling back and forth, back forth. The bastards like just wouldn’t stop wobbling and bumping into my see-through raincoat without even saying excuse me or pardon me or nothing! Ugh, I wanted to punch them. To bend their spokes in. But then again I guess I couldn’t really blame them. Definitely not. I sighed and put away my extra-small dukes. Because I mean they were just trying their very best to get some exercise in on their wobbly way from A to B. Just like all of us . . . 
Totally done with my coffee I gave small talk another shot. 
“So like where do you sleep at night?” I asked my homeless sidekick, now leaning over the guardrails, his camo cargo pants turned away from me, his Medusa-head bent and focused. I could hear groans and spurt-spurts. I could smell nasty smells. But it definitely like took me a few suburban gasps to adequately process and accept the fact that Giacomo was like actually pissing into the wind—in public! (For some reason I didn’t think people like actually did that in real life. I thought it was all just some sketch comedy kind of thing.) I swiveled my scratched glasses from side to side, panicking. But luckily there weren’t any gun-slinging trolls around to ruin our duet. Sighing with relief, gagging in disgust, I took a safer than safe step to the left—upwind.
“Under the fucking bridge,” Giacomo eventually growled, a staggered string of urine spurt-spurting into the foamy void.
“Um, okay . . . And like which bridge would that be?”
Giacomo cocked his muzzle up and to the left. I followed his nod up the murky, the choppy and wild East River. I followed his nod and for the first time in my twentysomething life lookedoutat the world from this side of the Island Kingdom—from the inside out. I looked out at the Queensboro Bridge, and I like totally thought it might just as easily have been a burnt-out rainbow I was looking at, with all the colors stressed away to gray from all those vactionless years of arching its cantilever arms out of Manhattan and into Queens. Or maybe I was looking at a snoozing skeleton. Roosevelt Island hanging like a really dead promise under its double-decker ribcage . . . But since there was obviously no easy way to tell I backed away from the wind and the waves.
I shouted through the restarting rain. “So do you have any friends down there—under the bridge?” 
Giacomo shook his head and spit. “Not anymore,” turning away from the edge, zipping up his camo cargo pants. “They’re all fucking gone. They’ve all moved the fuck on from the Warehouse.”
“The Warehouse?”
“That’s right. The fucking Warehouse . . .”
I licked my lips. A delicious shiver tickled up and down my spine. Because the Warehouse sounded like something I could totally use. Because the Warehouse sounded epic, and epic meant Hollywood, meant guaranteed ticket sales. My ten toes curled back, my tiny teeth chattered, and I shuffled in as close as possible to my future happiness. I brushed my bangs out of my chinchilla eyes. I tugged on Daddy’s jean jacket. And after quickly swiveling my scratched glasses round and round to make sure there weren’t any pervy cops behind us, no wobbly twentysomethings on no wobbly unicycles, I whispered deep into Giacomo’s marinara-tipped whiskers. I said, “Tell me about the Warehouse, Giacomo. Tell me all about it please. Pretty please. Just tell me and I’ll definitely make it worth your while. Oh I definitely will. Just tell me tell me!”
Warehouse Life Episode IV: Girls
The first thing we see as we zoom in on the Warehouse are twenty or so half-full, half-empty, half-sipped, half-spilled, half-chugged and half-crushed beer cans. Then we see the ceiling-high stacks of empty pizza boxes, the 50-pound bags of bread flour, the buckets of tomato purée. Holding our breath we tippy-toe over the concrete floor, over the olive oil puddles, and follow the tracking camera all the way across the massive factory to the back wall, where we see that the shared squalor has been partitioned off into two or three cages by a fencelike superstructure. We scratch our heads and try our very best to wave away the cigarette smoke, the flurries of dead skin, the mouse droppings. But we’re definitely not sure what to make of it all . . . 
Mounds and mounds of flea-riddled jackets and jeans. Broken bottles, sawdust plates. Hammers, screwdrivers, unused condoms, dictionaries, wet socks, chainsaws, gas masks, toenail clippings, spoons, ultrathin laptops, hills of ash, hills of dusty semen . . . 
Still scratching our heads, still waving away the cigarette smoke, we try our very best to block out the semi trucks huffing and puffing on the slippery bridge upstairs. Because we definitely don’t want any distractions now that we can see, in complementing shades of chiaroscuro relaxation, intoxication, nudity, the two or three Warehouse squatters, the two or three Pizza Boyz slowly, slowly materializing onto the filthy stage. We see them sitting and/or reclining on their respective mattresses, in their respective cages, ugly florescent lights bouncing off their vampire-pale and totally hairless chests. The camera pulls back, like ever so slightly, and now we see our favorite superhero sitting on a wobbly wooden chair directly in front of the line of cages. Just off work, a pot of mac and cheese balanced on his knees, Giacomo Jones is still in preyuppie uniform—go-getter’s green sweater over denim dress shirt, London-gray slacks, Chuck Taylor All-Stars. He’s eating his dinner. He’s eating his dinner as, roughly five feet in front of him, two or three Pizza Boyz yell and yell at each other through the wooden bars. We follow Giacomo’s hawk eyes. We edit our first impression. Because only one Pizza Boy is like actually yelling and yelling, the other Pizza Boyz are sprawled out on their urine-stiff mattresses, staring and staring up at the fractal patterns of rust spreading out from around the florescent floodlights overhead. (The only natural source of light trickling down into the Warehouse, one rainy ray at a time, through the extra-small glory hole drilled into the really high ceiling by some peeping tomboy.) We swivel the camera and take five to watch Giacomo use his superhairy fingers to scoop up orange globs of instant pasta. Then we lick our lips and turn back to listen in on the totally over the top, totally pretentious, totally fascinating Pizza Boy dialectic. The ridiculous conversation chiming off the steel walls, ricocheting off the concrete floor. Our really sensitive microphone vibrating back and forth, back and forth . . . 
“How could you do something like that!” Syd screaming with glee. “She was so boring! She was unbelievably boring. How could you do that? How could you physically get an erection after talking with someone who actually thought Heidegger was a sports car manufacturer! A sports car manufacturer! Don’t you have any kind of standards! Like human standards!”
A few cages down the row, a can of really warm beer balanced on his skinny stomach, a hand-rolled cigarette hanging from his laughing lips, Dylan yawns back at Syd. “In response to your first question—no, I don’t. As to whether or not I’m human—I don’t know. How could I? I am what I am. Besides, it’s an undisputable fact that this girl was cuter than any girl you’ve hooked up with in the last two or three years. By a lot. So I personally suggest you go read your Nazi Heidegger in the bathroom. That way you can spend the whole night jerking over how the question of Being relates to the current state of the high-performance auto industry.”
Giacomo half chuckles, half dribbles cheese all over his superhairy fist and green sweater.
Chugging the rest of his beer Syd heaves himself up off his mattress and wiggles through the wooden beams. He wrings his hands at the really high ceiling. “I can’t believe it. It’s unbelievable. It’s disgusting. You’re disgusting. You’re an ape. An ape with a hard-on for anything that moves. Can someone here please tell me why I have to live with this Neanderthal!”
No one answers. Drips of natural light trickle down through the extra-small glory hole overhead. They mix with the florescent sawdust, with the graywhite cigarette ash.
Totally unfazed by this really loud silence, more than likely belligerently drunk, Syd hobbit-hops over to the wobbly wooden chair. Hands on hips he giggles down at Giacomo.
“Well did you see her? Did you get a look at this cute girl? Was she cute enough to ignore her cognitive disabilities? Was she cute enough to throw away all of civilization just to hook up!”
Our superhero growls and shrugs without looking up from his pasta dinner. “I don’t fucking know. Who the fuck cares.” 
“Who cares!” Syd furiously running a hand through his thinning hair. “You should care! Everyone should care! We’re talking about sex here! We’re talking about sex and the power of reason! We’re talking about sex and society! We’re talking about sex! Sex! SEX!”
“Please shut up,” Wylie mumbling, Wylie on his malnourished hands and knees, Wylie searching for a pair of shoes to wear out tonight. “No one cares who Dylan hooked up with,” Wylie lifting up his mattress. “I’ve heard enough of this. Move on. Or better yet, just keep quiet if you don’t have anything interesting to say.” 
Wylie tugs on a pair of purple rain boots buried deep within one of the countless communal mounds of dirtier than dirty clothes. Wylie flops down on his saliva-sheeted mattress and clears his throat—“In other news,” right foot halfway into left boot. “I just heard that Cormac McCarthy has a new novel coming out. It’s supposed to be one of his best,” right foot halfway into right boot. 
Giacomo takes his horse eyes off his pot of mac and cheese. He takes an extra-large gulp of warm beer and smiles at those purple rain boots. Because those right fucking there are the same purple rain boots which Wylie had been wearing the day Giacomo first met the Pizza Boyz—down at Occupy Wall Street. A little hungover after two or three days of celebrating his “Fuck you!” to Google, a little coked out of his mind, Giacomo had been out for a city-glide in his Superman pajamas—sipping on an iced coffee, people watching, brainstorming his truelove algorithm—when his camel eyes had spotted a minivan parked behind the police barricades, behind the chanting protestors, a cardboard sign duct-taped across the totally cracked windshield. A little curious, a little hungry, Giacomo had swooped in to read that the Pizza Boyz were supporting their generation by offering a TWO FOR ONE deal on all single-topping slices! Oh boy oh boy! Giacomo had rubbed his superhairy tummy. Oh boy oh boy! Giacomo had bought himself a pineapple slice and started shooting the shit with the two or three shirtless amigos. Talking and eating. Eating and talking and then tossing the half-chewed crust into the muddy mob of skittish hippies and 1% hippos clashing over the Wall Street waterhole. Oh my oh my. Giacomo smiling a sinister smile. Oh my oh my. Giacomo eating his free slice and listening to the very short story of how the Pizza Boyz had met at Oberlin College, that small liberal arts Shangri-La in North Eastern Ohio, where they had just wrapped up four years of self-invention, higher learning, collective drug use. Four years exponentially enhanced by taking part in a campuswide sexual renaissance with other boys and girls (and boygirls) who shared the same postbourgeois pedigree, the same taste in dance-pop, the same neo-Marxist militancy and multicultural sensitivity, and the same case of high-functioning alcoholism. Four bucolic years spent forgetting the rest of the world existed, or had ever existed, or would ever exist, or need ever exist, or—Giacomo takes another extra-large gulp of warm beer. He smiles at those purple rain boots . . .
Flopping down on his mattress, Syd giggles and giggles and pulls out a plastic kazoo from underneath his mucus-sponging pillow. Like a blowfish, like Dizzy Gillespie, he puffs out his cheeks and blows an obnoxiously loud kazoo-buzz which echoes and echoes off the Warehouse walls . . . 
 “Order!” Syd screaming with glee. “Order in the Warehouse! Listen to me. All of you. Listen to me!” giggling and giggling. “I hate Cormac McCarthy. I hate everything Cormac McCarthy writes. Cormac McCarthy is easily the worst writer I’ve ever read. And I hereby ban all of his books from the Warehouse. Forever!”
Wylie’s face flashes red, danger-red. Wylie’s purple rain boots kick at the wooden posts. “What did you just say!” Wylie kicking, Wylie kicking, “How can you not like Cormac McCarthy! Don’t you get anything! And put that stupid thing away right now before I—”
Syd puffs out his cheeks and blows another obnoxiously loud kazoo-buzz. He giggles, “What do you mean why? I just don’t. I don’t remember who said it, but someone, some genius said that the problem with reading Cormac McCarthy is that Cormac McCarthy is always in the way. It’s like he’s always standing with his back turned between you and the story. And he just stands there quietly mumbling the story back to you, even though you can’t really hear him and you can’t really hear the story and all you want is for Cormac McCarthy to just shut up and move out of the way so that you can get on with the stupid story . . . So yea, Cormac McCarthy is easily the worst writer ever and I’m not a fan.”
“What! What did you just say? What!” Wylie can’t believe his ears, there’s something seriously wrong with his ears! Are they bleeding? Is this what PTSD feels like? There’s something stuck in his throat, he can’t breathe! The veins in his neck are bulging, ballooning—
“Are you joking?” Wylie gasping, Wylie crying, “You can’t be serious. There’s no way. There’s seriously no way you actually believe that,” clearing his throat, clearing his throat, “and whatever ‘genius’ said that bullshit can go fist their illiterate parents in their dyslexic assholes.”
Dylan snorts and looks up from his ultrathin laptop, a new hand-rolled cigarette on his laughing lips, a new beer balanced on his skinny stomach. 
“Sorry, Wylie,” he yawns, and blows a perfectly perfect smoke ring up toward the really high ceiling. “But I think Syd might be on to something. It really is an undisputable fact that Mr. McCarthy has a very authoritarian, almost dictatorial style of narration. That’s true. That’s beyond questioning. What’s also true is that Mr. McCarthy doesn’t stand for any kind of textual interruptions. He never once lets his readers live, love, or breathe alongside his plot-shackled characters. This is a fact.” Dylan pauses to ash on his skinny stomach. He yawns. “Actually, I wouldn’t even say Mr. McCarthy’s work calls for a real reader. Nope. I’d say it just calls for a fellow prison warden . . . But hey, there’s nothing wrong with that.” 
“What!” Wylie squeezing one of the wooden masts, Wylie’s chest burning with hives. “How can you say something like that! I won’t even respond to that ludicrous, that preposterous statement. That’s wrong on so many levels. That’s offensively wrong! You’re both insane. Cormac McCarthy is a genius and a poet. He’s the best living American storyteller and you just don’t get him at all! You should just stick to reading your pseudointellectual trash. That is, if you even know how to read!” a scarlet rash spreading across Wylie’s malnourished chest.
“Take it fucking easy,” Giacomo softly growling from his wobbly wooden chair, a blob of unnaturally yellow cheese on his green sweater. “They’re just fucking with you.”
“Whatever,” Wylie mumbles, and humps it off to the front of the Warehouse, slamming the bathroom door behind him and entering one of the most repulsive rooms on either side of the Mississippi . . . Hundreds of goldbrown Q-tips scattered across the slimy floor tiles, the remains of two or three twentysomething primates smeared over what must have once upon a prepizza time been a porcelain toilet bowl. No shower curtain, no soap. A nest of pubic hair in each drain. A broken piece of stained glass dangling above the sink. Towels and toilet paper a peacetime luxury. The reading materials in this diseased washroom rotating at random between the complete works of Thoreau, Emerson’s prose and poetry, Thomas Merton’s The Seven Storey Mountain, Alfred Kinsey’s Sexual Behavior in the Human Male, an illustrated guide to the 100 most common chess openings, Alfred Kinsey’s Sexual Behavior in the Human Female, an illustrated guide to the 100 most delicious pizza sauces, Hunter S. Thompson’s Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, an illustrated guide to the 100 most depraved pop stars, Allen Ginsberg’s Fall of America, George Dyson’s Darwin Among the Machines: The Evolution of Global Intelligence, William Nordhaus’s The Climate Casino: Risk, Uncertainty, and Economics for a Warming World, and a two- or three-year back issue of Car and Driver . . . Wylie locking himself in for some much-needed decompression. 
Meanwhile, under the ugly florescent lights, Syd has already finished another beer, has already beat whatever game he’s been playing on his smartphone, has already rolled himself a fat joint, and has already giggled his way over to a corner of the Warehouse where the Pizza Boyz have set up a makeshift gym. We see a jump rope, a barbell, a pair of 25-pound dumbbells.
Syd lights the joint and takes a really deep, pre-workout drag. Then, with the joint clamped tight between his teeth, he starts to curl the dumbbells.
“How’s your truelove company going?”
Giacomo farts on the wobbly wooden chair. Farts twice. “Eh, it’s alright. Working like a motherfucker on this fucking algorithm. Getting ready for the fucking Presentation.”
Syd flexes his non-existent biceps. “Whatever happened to that girl you hired, the one from California? You ask her out yet?”
“Not yet. But soon. Real fucking soon,” smiling a sinister smile. “How’s the fucking pizza industry these days?”
Swirls of evergreen smoke gusting toward the really high ceiling, Syd curls both dumbbells and coughs. “Same old. We just keep rolling in the dough!”
Dylan snorts and hauls himself off his cum-splashed mattress. He stubs out his cigarette on one of the wooden bars. “Please don’t say things like that,” wiggling his skinny stomach through the wooden beams. “People might get the right impression of you.”  
Dylan throws his empty beer across the massive banquet hall, aiming for a black plastic trashcan near the vaultlike front door. He totally misses. He shrugs and reaches behind his ear for another hand-rolled cigarette. 
Syd giggles and drops the weights on the floor. They land with a loud thump-thump, thump-thump, thump-thump. Syd pinches the joint and takes a really deep, postworkout drag.
“Where,” exhaling and running a hand through his thinning hair, “do you guys wanna set up the van tonight?”
Wylie pokes his malnourished head out of the bathroom. Wylie shouts—“I heard there’s a rockabilly band playing at the Drunken Clinamen tonight. There’s supposed to be a two for one bourbon special going on all night. I bet it’s going to be packed. We should set up the van outside.” Wylie walking out of the bathroom and into the “kitchen”—an electric hot plate with only one functioning burner, a microwave, and a broken mini fridge which won’t close properly on account of all the cheap beer and string cheese stuffed inside. Wylie reaches into the fridge, grabs a six-pack of beer, and humps it back across the mouse-turd maze.
Wylie hands Giacomo a beer.
Dylan reaches behind his ear, pulls out another hand-rolled cigarette, shakes his laughing head. “I don’t know if you boys realize or not, but live music—and live events in general—are pretty much responsible for most, if not all of the mass killings throughout recorded history. It’s an undisputable fact that every time there’s a crowd there’s a genocide in the making. Especially when drugs and live music are involved.” 
Syd squirms into his cage and yells back, “Don’t be such an asshole. Everyone knows that drugs and live music are the only things that stop people from going on a shooting spree after a bad day at the office. And besides, without a little substance abuse, history never would have got that killer record deal in the first place!”
“Please don’t say things like that,” Dylan blowing a perfectly perfect smoke ring up toward the really high ceiling.
Wylie clears his throat. “Okay, well, wherever we decide to go, we need to stop and pick up some gas for the generator first. I think we’re also out of shitake mushrooms.” Wylie strides over to the makeshift gym, steps over the weights, and bends down to browse through the makeshift library of paperbacks lined up against the wall. (We can see that the half-stolen, half-bartered collection has been carefully arranged, from left to right, in descending relevance to twentysomething life.) Wylie cracks open a beer and picks up the lead-off title (the most relevant), a pissed-on copy of My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla, which he then holds tighter than tight to his malnourished chest as he squirms into his cage.
Sprawled out on his blood-sticky mattress, Syd reaches for his laptop and starts blasting his favorite female rapper, Lil’ Vajayjay. He sticks a giggling finger in his jeans and slowly pinches out a dime-sized bag of yellowpink powder. He giggles and giggles and uses a greasier than greasy pizza cutter to spread out two or three lines on his smartphone. 
A new hand-rolled cigarette on his laughing lips, Dylan throws another empty bottle across the massive hangar. He totally misses. He shrugs and squirms into his cage. 
Finished with his pot of pasta, taking an extra-large gulp of warm beer, our Chicago-bred superhero sits on the wobbly wooden chair and scratches his really itchy scalp. Because he’s like definitely wondering where the Pizza Boyz came from. Like where did they grow up? What was their childhood like? What was their parents’ pretax income the year they started high school? But then Giacomo burps, burps twice and thinks what Holden Caulfield would have thought if he hadn’t been such a total phony. That nothing before college really matters. Like at all. Because all that really matters, all that Giacomo definitely knows for sure, is that after the tearful and terrifying bursting of their Oberlin bubble, the two or three muchachos were left with only one viable option and obviously they didn’t think twice or thrice about it. Obviously they just packed up what little they actually owned, bought a used minivan, bought five portable ovens, a gas-powered generator, and made the move. They made the move to the Warehouse and started making a pizza pie . . . 
All this florescent smoke finally getting to his walnut nostrils, to his brain, Giacomo sneezes, sneezes twice. The camera now slowly, slowly pulling away from this second-to-last vision—Giacomo Jones sitting in a wobbly wooden chair, sneezing, sneezing twice, an empty pot of pasta at his feet, a warm beer in his superhairy paws, a blob of unnaturally yellow cheese on his go-getter’s green sweater. We lick our lips and turn back to see, roughly five feet in front of our favorite superhero, on their respective mattresses, in their respective cages, ugly florescent lights bouncing off their vampire-pale and totally hairless chests, the two or three musketeers, the two or three Pizza Boyz waiting for the night and its pepperoni adventures to begin. Wylie drinking a beer and flipping through his heavy book, purple rain boots tap-a-tapping to Lil’ Vajayjay’s clap-claps. Syd giggling and giggling and snorting up lines of yellowpink fun. Dylan blowing perfectly perfect smoke rings through his laughing lips, a new beer balanced on his skinny stomach. We hear semi trucks huffing and puffing on the slippery bridge upstairs. And the very last thing we see, before slowly, slowly zooming all the way out of the Warehouse, out of Queens, out of here, is a hungry little pet scurrying and scurrying across the concrete floor, its tiny cheeks stuffed with crumbs, with dandruff snacks. We sigh and wish it could all just go on and on, on and on . . .
Intermission I
Totally wishing I could hangout with anyone as cool as the Pizza Boyz right now, I stand up on my ten tippy-toes and turn off my flatscreen friend with a sigh and a really long kiss goodnight. Then I flop down on my twin-sized cot and slowly, slowly sit back against the peeling strips of yellow wallpaper. All my twentysomething mistakes reflected across the glossy tiles under my cuter than cute feet . . .
Sighing, crying, sighing I cross my superlong legs and wait for Them to bring me my dinner. I wait and try my very best not to scream while this fun-hating cramp finishes breaking my delicate fingers into a celibate claw, a maiden’s meat hook which like totally makes me grimace and hiss and glance over at my ink-black window. On the other side of which I just know all those twentysomething boys are probably definitely maybe swaggering about . . . The city boys, the country boys. The exotic trailer trash boys and the ambitious ghetto boys. The always-high suburbia boys . . . Because I can like actually smell and see and hear and feel them all out there, down below. All those twentysomething boys trying their very best to thread their adorable little ships through this pornographic labyrinth. Like a fleet of horny hot air balloons. Like a sex-starved armada of multiracial blimps and Nordic Zeppelins. Because it seriously does feel like there’s a 24-hour stream of tantric transmissions being beamed up to me by all those—but then I just scream and shut my doll eyes when one of Them suddenly comes a-creeping into my room and lays a lukewarm tray on my extra-small lap without even knocking or asking or apologizing or nothing! I just scream and stare into my own personal darkness—on principle!—until the disrespectful bastard leaves . . . 
All by myself again, I brush back my bangs and gag as I shove the first sporkful of gray matter through my lips. Because as usual the food’s like way beyond disgusting and seriously gross. Like some sort of squishy space food. I shove another sporkful of rancid gravy through my lips, wincing as the creamy chalk superglues itself to my teeth . . . Ugh, like where do They even get this liquefied mush? Not at a deli, that’s for sure. There definitely must be a cast iron cauldron in here. A bubbling vat of black paint. With two or three weird witches laughing and laughing, stirring and stirring. Juicy boils on their juicy faces. Single hairs on pointy chins. Toil and trouble and a hundred blended babies just for me! AH! . . . I pinch my button nose and swallow sporkful after sporkful. There’s seriously no need to chew. It slides right on down. Like maggot noodle soup. Like cheese fondue cancer . . . 
Even though all I wanna do after dinner is sleep and dream, They sit me back down in the softer than soft chair with another round of condescending injections—the needledicks stabbing me in the shoulder and flooding me with alien amino acids. Sealing off my neurotransmitters. Hollowing out my really thin veins. They smile a sterile smile and say it’s for my own good. That this is all for my own good. But They also whisper, with worried frowns and crinkled brows, that I definitely do need to hurry up because I’m definitely not making enough progress and They’ll definitely have to increase my dosage if I don’t show clear-cut signs of immediate improvement. Of quantifiable growth. I nod and try my very best not to scream. They nod and leave. They leave with a full rack of redblack vials . . . A full rack of me . . . 
Quietly leaning over my desk again, breathing deep, twitching, a sparkle of florescent saliva at the corner of my adorable little mouth, half of me is like really calm and feeling just whatever about this whole dosage thing. Like no big deal. But the other half of me is really scared because I definitely don’t think I could take that. Definitely not. And especially not when there was another angry squid of hair in the communal shower this morning—the vicious swirls wrapping themselves around my ankles, shearing off my skin and grating my really thin hope away. Because I just can’t help feeling like I’m literally disappearing down the drain, one shivering shower at a time. Just shedding away and shedding away and would you look at all those horribly horrible split ends . . . 
I strain my neck and lean as far forward as I possibly can, the spiral-bound notebook waiting for me, teasing me. I lean all the way over the plastic desk and put my supercute button nose up to the insect screen and sniff. I sniff the night in. I bite down on the electric colors that free-flow through the mosquito net—the party-red, the shameful yellowgreenblack—absorbing them all into my naked nuclei. Because it’s up to me, I tell myself, wiggling my nose and licking the wire mesh clean. Because all I have to do is show signs of improvement. Like real progress or whatever. So come on, Zoe—just improve. Just get with the evolutionary program and be a better human being already. Just transcend . . . I sit back down and squeeze my # 2 pencil. I scratch a graphite scream down the middle of the page. Because I mean is that really too much to ask or what? I slash at the blank lines, at the claustrophobic margins. And like why can’t you just pretend? I slash and slash and slash and why can’t you just fucking do it!
Chapter Four
Blinking myself out of two or three weeks’ worth of seriously overdue sleep, I yawned up at a coconut cluster of light brown ceiling stains. Circles within circles and still this mildewy paste on my yellowwhite teeth. Wait a second—when did all those get up there? . . . It must have definitely been that sneaky thunderstorm. There’s probably a really big leak . . . Great. Just great. Because I wonder who’s going to have the pleasure of paying for the repairs or whatever when the landlord freaks out. Oh I definitely do wonder . . . 
Something buzzed away on the nightstand. I reached out a drowsy hand, and that same something thudded to the floor. I groaned. I jerk-a-jerked my really long legs up off my waterbed. But as soon as my ten tippy-toes landed on the slightly damp wooden shore my superbad breakup dream came flying and shining in through the window. Poke-a-poking its cheating penis right through my totally ruined Wednesday morning. Ugh, what a total fucking bastard. I put my supercute head in my supercute hands and cried my ex away . . . 
Humboldt Street was definitely looking gray today. Gray and gloomy. Yawning, blinking, yawning I stood at the window and licked the bitter night off my teeth. I wiped my glasses and rubbed my temples round and round. Because all the fun Brooklyn colors were like totally gone, totally gone. They’d been buried behind the December sky or something, and now the neighborhood was just wilting away in the lifeless light, the carbonated street-zest fizzed out, flat, the Williamsburg joie de vivre like actually MIA for the past two or three weeks. All the grumpy working-class houses shrugging their vinyl siding up at me—the bland beiges, the sandy greens, the twentysomething shades of whatever—while I rubbed my temples and watched a really old woman with a bent back walk her miniature dog down the one-way sidewalk (a terrier, a Yorkshire maybe), the cartoonish couple limping alongside the parallel parked cars, alongside the faded fire hydrants and baby stink trees. I watched them till they limped left at the end of the scratched up street. Till they limped over the horizon and lost themselves in the Bushwick mysteries. I turned away from the window still rubbing my temples . . . still waking up, waking up . . . 
I poured, then microwaved a cup of coffee from the Chemex coffeemaker which Precious must have obviously used earlier this morning, the kitchen shining with disinfectant, cabinets and faucet polished to commericalworthy perfection. She also probably definitely must have cleaned the bathroom, I mumbled with a gulp of energizing guilt, and poured myself another cup of delicious Costa Rican Tarrazú . . . 
A neon-pink square was calling me over to the fridge. I wiggled the kitschy Central Park magnet a little to the left, then squinted up at the flawlessly compressed, no-nonsense handwriting. Apparently Precious wanted to hang out tonight. She was going out in the East Village with some of her coworkers and would I wanna meet up with them? There was a smiley face after the question mark. I sipped on my thoughts. Because I mean I’d like already met most of her coworkers and they were all like definitely nice, definitely interesting. Plus they were all like actually trying to save the world. (Something about providing educational resources to impoverished kids in Southeast Asia. Or was it Angola?) So even if they weren’t all that fun to hang out or party with, the fact that they worked at a non-profit like definitely counted for a whole lot. Definitely . . . I pressed my button nose all the way up to the sticky note and read the last line. Apparently Precious just wanted to remind me that it was my turn to pay the utilities this month and that rent was due next week and could I definitely not be late sending the check out this time. Hugs and kisses and show me the fucking money! . . . Great. Just great . . .
I went back to my room and reached down behind the nightstand. Frowning, yawning, frowning I listened to the voicemail Professor Amís had left me. Apparently he wanted to get together today. Like right now if possible. He wanted to know how my application was coming along. How my rough cut was looking . . . I bit my lip, then texted Precious to tell her I was meeting up with one of my old professors, and after that I was totally stuck at the Comfort Station for the rest of the night. I probably wouldn’t be free till midnight. But I could like definitely meet up with them afterwards! That is, if they were still out and about or what not . . .
I sighed as I peered into the bathroom mirror. My hair was like definitely a real mess today. I brushed back my frizzy black bangs. Plus my chipmunk eyes were like really itchy, really dry—really pink. I yanked open the medicine cabinet and started to sift through all the meds which Precious’s mom insisted she always definitely take . . . Adderall, Provigil, Klonopin, Zoloft, Prozac, Abilify . . . But where the hell was the Ritalin? I tried the cabinet below the sink. Bingo. I swallowed one tablet, two or three tasty tablets, and saved two or three for later. Because it was like definitely going to be a long day at work. I went back to the kitchen, grabbed a clean cereal bowl from off the drying rack, shoved an extra-small hand into my favorite Tupperware container, and scooped up a handful of crunchy granola clusters. Yum yum. Yum yum. I ate standing up and tossed the empty bowl into the kitchen sink. Wiping my mouth, my charming little chin, I checked the time on my smartphone—1:45 PM. Okay, that gave me like two or three hours to take a shower, get dressed, meet up with Professor Amís, avoid any unannounced zombie apocalypses and/or subway delays, and skedaddle on over to the Lower East Side for work. I’d be cutting it close but it was definitely doable. Definitely manageable. I nodded and headed back down the hall, clumsily tripping on my blue and yellow vintage sneakers as I tumbled past the front door . . . tumbling, tumbling, tumbling into my bedroom like a sleepy tarantula . . . 
Uh-oh, I definitely didn’t wanna believe! No way. Please no. Definitely NO! I heaved my really long legs off the damp floor with a groan, with a dry-cleaning-is-way-too-horribly-expensive tantrum, and totally hating myself for having had that second or third bottle of Merlot in bed last night I tore off the most likely ruined Irish linen and threw the wine-dripping body bag deep in the closet. Then I flipped over my hamper and dug up a smelly set of sheets. Seriously pissed off now, seriously sick of all this, I grabbed my black-on-black gallery geisha outfit and stomped off into the bathroom. Into the shower. Into the day . . . 
#
The rickety L train was trembling its way through the double-tracked mineshaft which carted the early afternoon shift down into the Manhattan quarry. Sandwiched in tight between a flannel-geared hipster prospector and an inner-Brooklyn roughneck, I picked at my Skittles-flavored nails and thought about Giacomo. About how I hadn’t seen him in like two or three weeks. I picked at my nails and thought really hard about what would happen to the earth when the sun had like totally burned up its hydrogen core and half squeezed, half bloated itself up into a hungry red giant. I picked at my nails and tried really hard to ignore the Middle Eastern-looking transgender teen slumped up against the rattling doors—picking his or her nose and blatantly checking out my really long legs as we were all slowly, slowly lowered down into the Island Kingdom . . . 
I transferred at 14th Street. I waved goodbye to my fellow treasure hunters and rode the 1 train up to 23rd Street . . . 
Adrift on the scummy sidewalk again, surrounded by blind bumper cars, by ravenous carnies, I checked my GPS for directions. I was like definitely feeling a little nervous, a little queasy. Snakes of doubt were squirming in my extra-small core—like right below my bellybutton. For a yellow second I even thought about turning back and heading straight to the Comfort Station. But then I just shook my supercute head and reminded myself that since this was my first time visiting a celebrity’s apartment, it was like totally natural to feel like vomiting all over the curb. Totally. I nodded and glanced up at the optimistic shred of grayblue sky trapped tight between the barbed wire terraces, between the stylish prison yard suites, trapped tight way up there, between the master bedroom mausoleums. I nodded and plugged in my bone-white headphones. Jamaican dancehall beats bump-a-bumping my tension away, I took a really deep breath and let the somewhat recently updated map on my smartphone guide me through flamboyant Chelsea. Quicksilver clouds flashing like graywhite strobe lights as I grinded my gallery geisha dress over the not-yet-popping drag bars, the closed nightclubs and lesbian lounges. Over the bear-friendly torture chambers and the really pricy shoe stores. Grinding and grinding over the cupcake townhouses . . . Oh how I grinded . . .
So I’m still not totally sure why I stuttered when I tried to tell the hunchback in a burgundy pinstripe suit that I was here to see Professor Amís. Or why I screamed when the bald gimp took me by my hand and led me past the Mondrian-style canvas, past the indoor sculpture garden, and then nudged me into the velvet-padded elevator with a wink and what had to be a really painful bow. I just did. I definitely don’t know why. Just like I definitely don’t know why I held on tighter than tight to my tote bag as all the floors trickled up. My Skittles-flavored nails clawing at the canvas straps until the elevator curtains slid back on a pair of Corinthian columns, on a glinting floor mosaic, on—I gasped. I tried my very best not to vomit. Wearing one of her outrageously skimpy attires (tight leather pants, leopard print top), bitchy blonde Lola Woods was kneeling in the atrium under a noseless marble bust of someone who I definitely thought might be Julius Caesar. Lola Woods kneeling and trying to slip on her 5th Avenue slippers. AH!
I stepped inside the Roman loft and hissed. “Hi, Lola.” 
One fuchsia slipper on her foot, one in her veiny hand, Lola’s wide-set granite eyes looked up at me without acknowledging who or what I was. She blinked. She frowned. 
“Don’t call me that, Zoe. You know I don’t like it. It’s been Delores ever since we graduated. Not Lola. What are you doing here?”
“What do you think I’m doing here!” I snapped back. “I’m showing Professor Amís what I’ve been working on.”
“Oh yeah,” Lola nodding and slipping on her other slipper. “I heard you were working on some kind of urban documentary. Something about a homeless loser . . . Sounds exiting.” 
“What, no. That’s like not it at all. I hate documentaries. It’s definitely not a documentary. It’s a twentysomething rom-com about true—”
“Whatever, Zoe. I’m not the one you need to convince,” Lola trying to stand up but stumbling against the noseless sculpture. Was she drunk? I wondered with a really hopeful smile.
Straightening herself out, Lola lifted a bulky camera case off the floor and said, “You really shouldn’t get so defensive about things. It’s not healthy. It’s not professional.”
“I’m definitely not getting defensive,” gnashing my tiny teeth. “But what about you, how’s your film noir detective thing coming along? It’s really impressive that you’d like ever be able to find the time to work on it. I mean seeing as how we’re both working overtime at the gallery. Plus I know you’re always ready to help Professor Amís out whenever he needs a hand. So I’m sure it must be like totally exhausting having to fit everything in those tight pants. Whoops. I mean in that tight schedule.” I tried my very best to smile the same sinister smile which Giacomo was so good at.
“Wait a second,” Lola walking up to me, the skin under her granite eyes shiny and swollen, hard alcohol definitely on her breath. “Look, I don’t know what you think is going on here but—” 
A FrenchGermanMartian voice hummed deep within the Etruscan apartment. “Zoe?” humming and humming. “Zoe? Are zee here? Zoe? Hmm? Zoe? Hmm? Vhere are zee? Zoe? Hmm? Zoe? Are zee here?”
“Hey professor!” I shouted back, and without saying goodbye to Lola’s bitchy blonde ass I cartwheeled across the glinting mosaic of some ancient battle which I definitely thought might be Alexander the Great defeating Darius III of Persia. I cartwheeled and somersaulted into the penthouse villa, my really long legs flipping me up into some kind of watchtower or pagoda or levitating glass orb which I definitely thought might be part of the Manhattan beacon system. The entire apartment probably definitely designed to shatter into flames at the first sign of an approaching army or a populist rebellion or a new religion or yea . . . 
Born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, at the height of Papa Doc’s voodoo dictatorship, little Martín Amís was shipped off overseas the day his testes dropped and his voice cracked. As the eldest son of a totally corrupt government official little Martín took up his rightful residency at a ridiculously exclusive boarding school in the Swiss Alps, where the dorms reeked of 3000-year-old papyrus, and corseted maids and castrated butlers were on call 24/7 to satisfy every inch of little Martín’s burgeoning curiosity. Little Martín sampled and grew. Little Martín licked his little black lips . . . Almost but not actually a man yet, Martín Amís spent his university years in Paris, in London, in Frankfurt—the former child prodigy plowing through anthropology, archeology, astrology, astronomy, belles lettres, biochemistry, computer science, falconry, game theory, gender dissent, Hegelian dogma, Humboldtian science, economics of liberation, Neoplatonic law, Kama Sutra studies, Kantian mysticism, Marx, Marx, Marx, pure and applied mathematics, metallurgy, neurotheology, oriental semiotics, Pythagorean psychoanalysis, universal history, Wagnerian philosophy, Zookeeping—Martín plowed and sowed. Martín whispered and professors sobbed . . . Then, on his nineteenth birthday, it finally happened. Martín’s first senior thesis (the first of five) was published to instantaneous international acclaim, with the paper’s provocative title taken up as the go-to rallying cry for a consciousness-tripping generation. “The Sexual Revolution’s Backdoor Effects on Contemporary Non-Indo-European Conceptions of the Body Politic in a Deforested, Post-Hiroshima, Post-Vatican II, Post-Chomsky, Post-Woodstock Planet: or, How Indigenous Radicalization is a Sublimating Reaction Against the Global Proliferation of a Eurocentric Paradigm of the Human (specifically in regards to the mutually assured deconstruction doctrine followed by the United States and the Soviet Union, which, in order to preserve socio-economic structures of legitimacy at home, requires both hegemonies to actively engage in a foreign policy of Eros suppression and Thanatos promulgation).” Talk show appearances, marriage proposals, death threats, followed that very same afternoon. Martín reaped his massive destiny . . .
Weighing in at 245 Herculean pounds, and existing at 6-feet 6-inches above mere mortals, Martín Amís was a four-time Pulitzer prize-winning author, a three-time Academy Award-winning director, and a regular contributor to countless critical reviews and popular magazines, always willing to share his wittier than witty insights on molecular gastronomy, Phoenician studies, Siglo de Oro literature and drama, Formula One racing, quantum computing, portfolio management theory, life on earth (pre- and postmortem). A record-breaking philanthropist, Martín Amís was also a champion arm wrestler, a surrealist sculptor who only worked in moon rock, and in the last two or three months had established himself as the world’s most avant-garde wildlife photographer. He wrote the biweekly cricket column for all the major sports blogs and had been named Professor of the Year for the last ten years running at NYU. He was a chess grandmaster with an Elo rating of 2800 and rising. He brewed his own ayahuasca and was the most cited author on Hitler and the Holocaust. He coached several inter-borough dodgeball teams, was clean-shaven (head and chest, skull and stubble), could bench 350 pounds ten times while reciting Shakespeare’s sonnets verbatim (all 154 of them), and was a self-taught piano virtuoso known for his Beethoven and Brahms. Women masturbated over him. Men hated his guts—and totally masturbated over him. He was Martín Amís, the world’s most recognized, and recognizable, human being . . .
But there were rumors. Rumors that like just wouldn’t ever go away. Rumors that Professor Amís liked to film his graduate students fondling underage North Korean prostitutes on the cheetah rug he’d shot and skinned on his most recent trip to the Serengeti. Rumors that Professor Amís would occasionally use his Chelsea loft to stage secret reenactments of the Marquis de Sade’s 120 days of Sodom. Rumors that Professor Amís had enthusiastically participated in crimes against humanity as a volunteer soldier in the UmKhonto we Sizwe. Rumors that he was a power hungry grave robber and an intellectual copycat. Just another publicity whore with a fondness for Cuban cigars. Rumors that he had a big black dick and was a great big asshole. Rumors, rumors, rumors that like just wouldn’t ever go away . . .  
Powerfully perched in the center of a white leather loveseat, a yellow turtleneck wrapped tight around his obsidian skin, dinosaur-green jeans clinging to his bulging thighs, all 6 feet 6 inches, all 245 rippling pounds of Professor Martín Amís hummed across at me. Hypnotizing me like a black sun. Like a Caribbean god of dark matter. Professor Amís chewing on a cigar and casually flipping his way though the storyboard drawings I’d given him, clouds of intellectual fervor swirling above his electromagnetic skull, his red fountain pen tracing scathing arcs over my truelove rom-com. I lowered my supercute head, folded my extra-small hands on my extra-small lap. Because I was like definitely sure the designer chair I was sitting in was definitely not meant for sitting in. The skinny legs totally about to snap I shifted my weight over my feet but my quads started to shake-a-shake. I picked at my Skittles-flavored nails, smoothed out all the wrinkles in my black dress and sipped on the glass of spicy scotch which Professor Amís had offered me, taking quick nervous glances up at the taxidermy hanging from the Romanesque ceiling—Eurasian Vultures, California condors, a leatherback sea turtle, a Kodiak bear, four Siberian tigers, a killer whale, a Chilean sea bass . . . 
All-knowing eyes blinking, Professor Amís lifted his onyx cranium and with a galaxy-crushing hand plucked the cigar from his muscular mouth, forcefully pressing it down into the amethyst ashtray next to him on the creamy couch. “Zoe,” he hummed. “Tell me, Zoe. Is this all zee have for moi? Hmm? Tell me, ma chérie. Tell me. Vhere is all zee footage? Hmm? Vhere is zee footage?”
 “Um,” fidgeting, blushing. “Well I haven’t actually started shooting yet, professor . . .”
“No? But zee application is almost due. Zee movie is almost due. Vhat have zee been doing? Hmm? Vhat have zee been doing?” 
“I know I know. It’s just that I’ve been like ridiculously busy at the gallery. I’m like seriously stressing out about this really important show next week. Plus Giacomo isn’t that easy to get a hold of. I haven’t even had a chance to see him in like two or three weeks and—”
“Enough, ma chérie, enough. Don’t zee vant to go to film school, hmm? Don’t zee vant to be a director like moi? Hmm? Don’t zee vant to be rich and famous like moi? Hmm? Zoe? Hmm?”
“Oh I definitely do, professor! I definitely do. And I mean I already have most of the scenes worked out in my head. So all I really need to do is—”
“Vell zee must hurry! Zee movie is due next veek!” 
Vibrating with uncontainable brilliance Professor Amís crossed his dinosaur-green jeans and rubbed his skull. He patted the creamy cushion beside him. “Ah, zee are so zoung, Zoe. So innocent,” humming into the penthouse villa. “Zee must let loose zee fires. Zee loins must burn vith passion. Passion! Do zee understand this—this burning vith passion in zee loins? Hmm? Zee must burn! Zee must burn and break all zee rules. This is zee only vay to live. Zee only vay . . .” 
“I think I definitely know what you mean, professor,” totally lying, totally confused.
“Ah, Zoe, Zoe, Zoe,” humming and humming. “Ve remember vhen zee and Lola and zee other delicious friend of zours vere in my honors seminar. Vhat vas it? Ah, zes. How does zee representation of zee final solution evolve over zee generations. How does zee zeitgeist transform memory. How do Hollywood and zee mass media influence zee ideology of zee future. Ah, zes. Zes, zes. Zee vere my favorite. Zee paper of zours arguing zat zee figure of zee Jewish princess vas a pop culture martyr for zee repressed rage of zee diaspora vas zee most interesting. Zee best. Hmm? And now zee have nothing. Now Lola is almost finished with zee movie and zee have nothing. Zee have nothing—nothing!”
I blinked. I stared to shake. “Lola’s almost done?” 
“Zat is correct, ma chérie. Lola is, as zee Americans like to say, ‘almost done’. And does Lola not also vork at zee gallery with zee? Hmm? Is she not also busy? Hmm? Zee must hurry! Hurry!”
A trillion tears started to fog up my glasses.
Boredom creasing his face into a blur of black scratches, black snakes, Professor Amís licked his muscular lips and flung my unappreciated storyboard drawings down on the coffee table (four elephant tusks supporting a titanium top). His all-knowing eyes pounced across at me. 
“But zat is enough for now. Enough business. Let us now speak about zee pleasure. Zes, zee pleasure. Tonight ve vill talk about zee pleasure vith zee special guests. Zes, zee special guests. Tonight zee special guests vill drink vine. Exquisite Chilean vine. Do zee like zee vine, Zoe? Hmm? Tonight, vith zee vine, ve vill discuss zee mind-body problem. Ah, zes, zee mind-body problem! Vhat do zee think of zee mind-body problem, Zoe? It is zee only problem, is it not? Ah, zes. Zes, zes. Then, after zee exquisite Chilean vine, ve vill drink zak’s milk from Zeebet. Do zee know Zeebet, Zoe? Hmm? Zeebet? Hmm? Zoe? Vith zee milk from Zeebet ve vill achieve zee blending of anima and animus, of zee individual vith zee collective—hmm? Zoe? Hmm? And then zee special guests vill go to a zazz club. Do zee like zazz? Ve love zazz. Ve love zazz so very much. Tonight vill be a most vanderful evening. Vould zee vant to stay, Zoe? Hmm? Stay? Here. Vith zee vine. Vith zee milk from Zeebet. Vith moi? Stay? Here? Stay? Zoe? Here? Stay?”
The handmade chair squeaked and squealed beneath me. I shifted my feet, held on really tight to my canvas tote bag and said in my saddest chirp—“I’m really sorry, professor, but I actually can’t tonight. I have to go to work now.” I gulped down the rest of the spicy scotch. “But thanks so much for the invite. It sounds like you guys are definitely going to have a ton of fun. I really wish I could stay.” I heard a snap snap. I jumped to my feet. 
“As zee vish, Zoe,” Professor Amís slowly raising himself up to his full god-king height, slowly handing me my slaughtered notes. “Ve am only trying to help zee. Zee look tired. Are zee tired, Zoe? Hmm? Zee must be very careful. Do not lose zee control, ma chérie. Do not.”
“Oh I’ll definitely be okay, professor. But you’re totally right. I definitely do need to get a hold of Giacomo and get going. I just need to stop procrastinating.” I started backpedaling toward the elevator, Professor Amís standing like a yellowblackgreen obelisk in the center of the lofted pantheon, a circular skylight funneling the cosmos down onto his onyx cranium, stuffed animals swinging round and round overhead—a toucan, a zebra, a swordfish, a chest-beating silverback gorilla—swinging round and round . . .  
In the distance Professor Amís lit another Cuban cigar. “Ah, Zoe,” humming across the penthouse villa. “Ve almost forgot. Zee must forgive moi for not joining zee at zee bar last month. Ve lost zee track of zee time vhile playing vith one of zee pet projects of mine. Zee must forgive moi.” 
“What? Oh don’t worry about it. I totally understand. And you know what, I didn’t even really notice.” I backflipped into the velvet-padded elevator. “Alright, well, thanks for all your help, professor. Hopefully we can get together soon.”
“Zee vould be my pleasure, ma chérie. My pleasure,” an entire city humming behind him. “My pleasure . . .”
The elevator curtains shut away the Corinthian columns, the mosaic floor, the word “pleasure” rumbling my supercute ear drums back and forth, back and forth as all the floors went trickling down . . . 
Ground floor. Ridiculously mad at myself for being such a slacker—Lola!—and definitely feeling a little tipsy, a little sloppy, I charged out of the elevator, charged through the indoor sculpture garden, accidently charged through a Pilates class and almost slipped on someone’s sweaty mat, charged backwards, and when I finally charged past the hunchbacked gimp sitting on the reception desk, burgundy stumps dangling from his pinstripe trunk, I definitely made sure to charge straight ahead without turning to look at the bald bastard who I just knew was waiting for a chance to wink at me. Or worse. Like much, much worse . . . 
Charging outside I reached into my canvas tote bag and worked up a tablespoon of saliva while running through the next really important scene in my stalled out rom-com. With a semiwet gulp I swallowed the tasty Ritalin tablets which I’d strategically stockpiled for later but which I like obviously needed right now! Then I clenched my extra-small fists and charged toward the subway. Ugh, I was already like thirty minutes late!
The Sky is Taking on Light
His daily quota hit, his bob cat eyes puffed up into slits of feral fuzz, Giacomo Jones tears himself out of the unfinished algorithm flashing and flashing across his four computer screens like some kind of purgatorial fire. He coughs and chugs the rest of his really cold Guatemalan coffee, his superhairy fingers throbbing, screaming, throbbing all over his comic strip-cluttered desk. He growls, he groans, he bounces on his baby blue exercise ball. Because after two or three weeks of binge coding he like definitely can’t feel his legs, his feet, or his bloated brain. Because he like definitely needs—definitely deserves!—a five-minute breather after two or three weeks of not sleeping, not masturbating, not eating or living or nothing nothing as nice as all that!
A couple of bouncy yawns later, feeling just a tad bit better, Giacomo Jones rips off his fighter pilot headset (strictly 80’s and 90’s hip hop), then throws a quick violent glance over at Ian the Intern—the nonentity hunched over his desk, eating his disgusting ginger nuts and supposedly working on Beloved Entropy’s social media presence. Even though whenever Giacomo checks on him the quasi-sentient intern like always seems to be clicking his life away with Facebook photos of marshmallows and s’mores, smoky campfires and sleeping bags, hunting rifles, crossbows, dead elk on lifted trucks, beer and friends and an internet-ready log cabin . . . Our favorite superhero growling but definitely not in the mood to growl at someone. Because he’s like just way too tired to actually remind the quasi-adult intern, who apparently just graduated from the University of Alaska this year, to get his fucking act together before he ends up as a dirt-cheap rent boy down in the Village, or worse, in Times Square. And if Giacomo isn’t in the mood to do or say that, then he’s like definitely not in the mood to give the quasi-logical intern a real programming project to work on. Not that our favorite superhero would ever do anything as revoltingly vulgar as that. No fucking way. Because Giacomo Jones intends to finish this ridiculously complicated algorithm the only way he knows how. Solo and at full thrust. Like a Chicago-made rocket. And since Peter’s the one who found the quasi-obese intern on some kind of black market list for unpaid slaves or whatever, and since Peter’s off on a client meeting or whatever, there’s like definitely no one around right now to tell Ian the Intern to stop being such a lazy hick and get his fat ass back to fucking work—and go pick us up two or three pepperoni pizzas while you’re at, you worthless Alaskan chode! . . . The fortysomethingth floor like so dangerously quiet this afternoon that Giacomo can’t even hear the Anti-Aging Angels over there, way over there past the endless rows of empty desks, vacant cubicles. Can’t even hear them working on their stem cell research, their I Ching acupuncture, their Golden Dawn necromancy or whatever the fuck it is that they like actually do over there but that at least like definitely does usually help a little and sometimes a lot to block out these relentlessly buzzing servers and these five o’ clock whispers which softly knock knock on the floor-to-ceiling windows. Begging Mr. Jones to come out and play. To come out and say FUCK IT. Knock knock. Knock knock . . .
Bouncing and bouncing on his baby blue exercise ball our favorite superhero scratches his overgrown crew cut and looks over to his right—down the aisle. He watches Sophie Strudel peel the Thanksgiving Day stickers off the wall, her milk chocolate ponytail bobbling next to the headscratchingly high-tech water cooler, bobbling under the flatscreen TV silently spewing the news, the news, the news. Giacomo watching Sophie tap-a-tap something or other on her smartphone, then go back to carefully rearranging the holiday decorations she brought into work today—a mistletoe wreathe, a ball and chain of lavender lights, a miniature Christmas tree. Giacomo watching for a few more drawn-out seconds, then yawning and glancing back at his four flashing screens, lines of code zipping across like migrating termites. His Midwestern fuel cells totally depleted our favorite superhero slowly, slowly shuts down what’s left of his brain, slowly opens a new window on his Web browser, and slowly, slowly starts to click his life away with meaningless status updates, shamefully stupid YouTube videos, celebrity gossip blogs, sports highlights, comforting comics. He clicks and sinks back into the four screens. He sinks and starts to void . . . 
Except that our favorite superhero suddenly feels a delicious tickle-tickle up and down his superhairy spine because enough’s enough and he gots to do it—like right fucking now! Giacomo bouncing to his extra-large feet and like actually almost falling head over Chuck Taylors as two or three weeks’ worth of backed up blood creep-a-creeps down his paralyzed thighs . . . Giacomo leaning on his desk. Giacomo waiting for his human heart to finish inflating his superhuman groin . . . Giacomo coughing and wishing he could like just take a quicker than quick look in a mirror or something. But since he definitely can’t get to the bathroom without first going round and round the headscratchingly high-tech water cooler Giacomo shuffles his Chuck Taylors over to the floor-to-ceiling windows. He shuffles past Peter’s shiny desk, shuffles past Ian the Intern and his disgusting ginger nuts. He shuffles up to the bewitching glass, then shuffles his reflection over Manhattan and the great American beyond. With a “Fuck me” groan Giacomo runs a superhairy paw down his prickly muzzle. Because he like totally forgot to shave and today like definitely wasn’t a good day to forget. Great. Just great. Giacomo straightens out his denim collar, tries his very best to pick at the yellow crust on his grumpy green sweater but the dried goo just won’t come off. Just won’t quit. Coughing, scowling, coughing Giacomo Jones looks down at all these streets wound up like boa constrictors round and round the skyscraper Valhalla. At all these good-for-nothing molecules borne this way and that across the nebulous pillars of Creation . . . Giacomo smiling his sinister smile and tucking back his boner. Giacomo pounding his anti-gym gut, pounding it twice for twice the luck then pointing his Chuck Taylors back down the aisle. Aiming for the water cooler. Aiming for Sophie Strudel’s black leggings and fluffy red boots. For her black and red plaid shirt . . .
“Fuck’s going on, Soph,” our favorite superhero baring his canines as he leans in for one of the disposable plastic cups.
Sophie looks up from the miniature Christmas tree, a bluegold star dangling from her frosted fingertips. “Hey, boss.” 
“How’s the fucking day going?”
“Oh, not bad. I think this might be the slowest day ever. Productive though. Have you had a chance to look at the website yet? I took care of all the rendering glitches. I also tested the new layout on five different screen sizes. The responsive design is working a lot better than I thought it would. I just need to tweak the color scheme a little bit so that it really shouts truelove and then it’ll be good to go for your presentation next week.”
“That’s fucking great,” Giacomo fidgeting with the headscratchingly high-tech knob.
Sophie smiles a prom queen kind of smile. She hangs a buttercream-dipped bauble on the miniature tree.
“I had my mom send me all these. They’re the only things my great-grandparents were able to bring with them when they came over from Germany.”
“Oh yea?”
Brown cheeks burning, sweating, burning our favorite superhero sips on his sippy cup and glances up at the 42-inch flatscreen. Giacomo trying his very best to deflate his superhuman groin by reading the plain white words that skeet skeet on and on about how the police finally apprehended the Central Park Ripper but like all he can do is groan and growl because once again the fucking subtitles aren’t in fucking sync with Big Brother’s lemon lips! 
“Motherfuckers!” Giacomo howling and spilling his sippy cup all over his sleeve.
Sophie flinches under the mistletoe wreath. “What’s wrong?”
“What? Nothing. Fuck . . .” 
A curiously confused look on her freckly face, Sophie picks up a plastic thumbtack and pins a pair of Santa Claus-embroidered stockings up on the off-white wall.
Our favorite superhero gulps down the rest of his sippy cup as a really awkward bubble rises up from the water cooler’s depths and breaks through the stuffy surface with a muffled fart. With two or three muffled farts. Giacomo shivering and feeling that same delicious tickle-tickle up and down his spine. His peacock jaws starting to move. “Would you fucking wanna—would you fucking wanna grab fucking dinner one of these fucking days?” the words scraping themselves out through his crooked canines. 
Sophie slowly turning like a marzipan nutcracker on top of a massive stollen cake at stollenfest. Slowly, slowly aiming her greengold lamb eyes at our favorite superhero.
“Sure, that’d be nice. I’d love to. When?” 
“What about,” Giacomo coughing and wiping off his sweater, “tomorrow? I know a fucking great place”—he definitely doesn’t—“you’ll fucking love it. I guaran-the-fuck-tee it.”
“Okay, sure. Tomorrow works. But I just—” 
A three-note chime interrupts.
Sophie bends down and grabs her smartphone off the cardboard box of Christmas ornaments. She glances at the flashing screen, then bites her lips and looks into Giacomo’s warthog eyes. “Sorry, but there’s something I need to go do right now. Do you care if I head out early today? I can work from home tonight and have the color scheme ready by the morning.”
“Don’t fucking worry about it. Go for it,” grinning and grinning. 
“Perfect. Thanks. I’ll see you tomorrow then.” 
“Sounds fucking good,” Giacomo biting down on his sippy cup, trying his very best to keep it all in. Sophie gliding back to her desk, one hand curling a strand of milk chocolate hair behind a peanut butter ear. Giacomo sweating. Sophie grabbing her red fur coat, her red ushanka cap with the earflaps folded up, her Louis Vuitton handbag and her oversized Jackie O sunglasses. Giacomo licking his muzzle. Sophie’s fluffy red boots bobbling back up the aisle. Giacomo shivering with delicious thoughts. Sophie bobbling up the aisle and out through the endless rows of empty desks, vacant cubicles. Giacomo blacking out as Sophie and her red cap bobble and bobble out of the fortysomethingth floor, out of the Freedom Tower, out of here . . .
Whistling, grinning, whistling our favorite superhero lifts himself off the floor, refills his sippy cup, then waddles back down the aisle but definitely doesn’t stop at his desk right away. Definitely not. Because he hasn’t felt this good in at least two or three weeks—in at least two or three years—and he sure as fuck intends to savor all these naturally sweet chemicals as long as he possibly can. So with a “Fuck all you motherfuckers!” fist pump our favorite superhero waddles back over to the floor-to-ceiling windows and slaps Ian the Intern on the back, slaps him twice, chuckling wistfully to himself as the Alaskan yokel chokes on his disgusting ginger nuts. Giacomo chuckling and sipping on his sippy cup, a rosier than rosy kaleidoscope of crystal palaces twirling and twirling as far as his hyena eyes can see. Giacomo chuckling and crushing his sippy cup between his superhairy paws, the terminally ill sun coughing up blood all over the Island Kingdom. Giacomo chuckling and thinking and chuckling Yea. Now we’re fucking getting somewhere. Now we’re fucking living, brothers. Sister. Mom and pops . . .
Chapter Five
The Complete Guide to Low-Budget Filmmaking, The Filmmaker’s Guide to the Universe of Indie Success, The Essential Guide to Do-It-Yourself Fame, How to be Part of the 1%, A Step-by-Step Guide to Wishing Your Way to Hollywood, How Not to be a Twentysomething Loser, How to be a Global Celebrity, How to Win an Oscar Before You Turn Thirty, How to —
I flipped and flipped through each of the really encouraging handbooks, stacked like superyummy pancakes on the communal study table. Used my trusty ol’ smartphone to snap superpretty pictures of what I thought were like the most important pages, the most relevant footnotes in each. I’d been snapping superpretty pictures for the last three hours, cooped up tight in the Rose Reading Room of the New York Public Library, snapping superpretty pictures and piano-pounding my anxiety into my laptop keys because I like totally needed to get going here. Because I like seriously couldn’t believe bitchy blonde Lola was almost done! Because I mean what the fuck? No fair!
A seriously disgusting smell bumped my glasses off my oily but still supercute button nose. I blinked, I gagged. Oh no, oh God, a 21st century urban leper was like actually about to sit down at the table, at my table. And like right across from me too! AH! Totally about to pass out and die, I watched the deformed, pus-pimpled crone untie her crinkly chain of grocery bags and inflate some kind of psychedelic sewer pillow. Then I watched her drop her slithering head of knots and close her chupacabra eyes. There were full-body snores. There were fungus farts! Ewwy eww! Gritting my tiny teeth I swiveled my head round and round the scholarly cathedral—angelic frescos gliding like Venetian gondolas across the vaulted ceiling, blueyellow light purring down through the taller than tall windows—I swiveled my head round and round, looking and looking for some kind of solidarity or upper-middle-class support but none of the Australian globetrotters prowling about with their waxed surfboards, and definitely none of the academic eggheads stooped like autistic monks over the communal study tables, bone-white headphones plugged in, spiral-bound notebooks out in front—like none of them seemed to notice or care or nothing! Well I definitely did! I raised my really thin arms. I waved them back and forth, back and forth till I caught the security guard’s one good eye. I pointed at the bag lady. I breathed a very sincere sigh of relief as the screaming harpy was then brutally dragged out of the bookish basilica. Out of my bookish basilica . . . Thank you. Thank you very much, sir . . .
After another hour or so of snapping superpretty pictures I figured I was like definitely up to speed on the current state of indie filmmaking, and even though it definitely would have been really helpful to have taken more than that one post-theory, post-narrative, post-technique, post-Metropolis philosophy of cinema class in college, at least I definitely had the basics down now. So that was definitely definitely good . . . I checked the time on my smartphone—2:03 PM. I smiled a sinister smile and gave myself a well-deserved pat on the back for like actually having had the nerve to call in sick today (food poisoning, explosive diarrhea). Because even though I obviously felt kinda bad about the whole “lying” thing or whatever I, definitely knew it was the only way I could get some serious work done on my application. Plus I got to sleep in! So yea, I was definitely feeling good. Feeling proud . . . 
Whistling, dancing, whistling I packed up and left the bestselling pancakes on the communal table. Winking at the security guard’s one good eye as I floated out of the arena-sized study hall . . . 
(I made a quicker than quick pit stop at the drinking fountain. Tossed another Provigil down my throat. Licked my lips. Then rolled down the stairwell and landed on 42nd Street.)
The partially clouded December sky sticking to my lotion-lacking face, diesel fumes rotting my adorable little lungs away, I sat on the busy sidewalk and picked at my candy cane nails, that members only, midtown Versailles directly behind me—the Bryant Park gardens fenced off from the minimum wage plebs by hedge fund fountains, by a paycheck-charging café. I sat down on the really cold sidewalk and debated whether I wanted to cab it or not, whether I like cared more about the time or the money, the time or the money . . . I nodded and floated out into the screeching street with two or three delicate fingers held high in the winter smog . . . A couple of car crashes later, a yellowblack taxi-snail pulled its shell up to the curb. I smiled and dived right on in . . .
West 19th Street. With a reluctant groan I tipped the turbaned cabdriver five percent—even though I definitely didn’t wanna! Because I mean I’d like seriously never seen a city cab go so slow, or seen a city human be so chill, and I definitely didn’t like it, didn’t trust it, didn’t want it anywhere near me or my money! Holding on tight to my canvas tote bag I stomped through the rental house and cut in line ahead of all the wannabe Wim Wenders, the fake Jim Jarmusches, the poser Claire Denises—like totally ignoring the annoying herd of film students who wouldn’t stop throwing their external hard drives at me as I stepped up to the counter, took my smartphone out, and started reading off what I seriously needed and seriously needed right now!—a DSLR camera able to shoot Full HD 1080p video at 24fps, a 50mm prime lens, a telephoto lens, a 32GB memory card, a shoulder rig, a tripod, a professional lighting kit, a shotgun microphone and boom kit, XLR cables and adapter—the dorky dweeb behind the counter chowing down on a sloppy joe sandwich while slowly, slowly inputting my very very urgent requests into the mainframe . . . 
When I was finished reading off my list to fame the dorky dweeb took a sloppy bite out of his sloppy sandwich and turned the computer screen so that I could see the daily rate. I gulped, I gagged. $3000. Tax definitely not included. Spasms disfiguring my sweaty but still supercute face I reached into my tote bag and brought out Daddy’s extra-platinum, ‘only for emergencies’ credit card. Well, I thought, swiping the magnetic strip—this was like obviously an emergency. Obviously. I signed Daddy’s very Polish name on the receipt. Jozef Dreamstein.
#
The heavy keys jingling like jawbreakers in my extra-small hands I yanked open the driver’s door and pulled me and my really long legs up into the unmarked cargo van. Because the one really good thing about being from the suburbs was that I like definitely knew how to drive and I like definitely didn’t take shit from asshole truckers or state troopers or UFOs or nobody. Definitely not. Even though I’d like obviously never driven a van before and I’d definitely never driven in Manhattan. But oh well, I figured this would just have to be one of those learning by doing kinda things or whatever . . . Licking my lips I turned the key in the ignition, put the automatic shifter in drive, and jerked-a-jerked my bitch out of the alley tunnel. I bumbled down 7th Avenue . . . 
A pedestrian minefield. A demolition derby.
So first things first—mumbling and wedging the van in tight between a jaywalking granny and a convertible sports car—I needed to pick out a really nice restaurant for tonight’s really important scene. Because obviously Giacomo and Sophie would be going to the Drunken Clinamen for after-dinner drinks, but before that I wasn’t so sure. I was thinking either Titian’s Tiramisu (an intimate trattoria in the West Village), or maybe Die Welt als Willie und Sauerkraut, the hip new German joint which everybody was saying was definitely like the spot to go for a Thursday night date. But then again there was always the John Henry microbrewery in Tribeca, where you definitely couldn’t go wrong with their palm-hammered steak frites . . . Ugh, I seriously couldn’t think straight. I needed caffeine. Now! Straining the huge steering wheel hard to the right I pulled a U-ey back up the one-way avenue and double-parked alongside a Budweiser delivery truck. I left my hazards flashing and dived inside the first bodega I could find . . . 
There was something flap-a-flapping away on my bitch’s windshield when I strolled back outside. Great. Just great. I tore up the stupid parking ticket without even looking at the number of zeros giggling up at my glasses—the bastards! I chugged the first of my three nameless and totally burnt coffees, then locked myself in and turned the radio all the way up to 11 . . . 
My supersmart brain pleasantly abuzz now, heavy metal sounds shredding through the speakers, I launched off toward the Bowery, headbanging and running over potholes, kamikaze go-karts, gnome-driven rickshaws, stray toddlers, ex-convicts and pataphysical puppets—the rented equipment in the back slamming against the side of the van as I took a sharp left and cut across the crowded sidewalk, accidently amputating a little girl’s future and foot. Oopsy daisy. I probably definitely should have got that insurance—shrugging and bouncing back on the road, my road. Oh well . . .
On Houston and Broadway I had to wait for a really annoying ambulance to go wailing through the intersection. I sipped on my second or third coffee and turned down the music. Listened to the traffic. To the engine drone. I poked my supercute but really tired head out the window, gagged on the existential exhaust, and watched as the success-horny buildings went about their success-horny business. I waited for the ambulance to pass and wondered what would happen if I never got famous. If I like never became a massive deal. Because what was I going to do with my life if I like never made it to Hollywood? And what if I just wasn’t meant to be an award-winning director? Like what if none of my perfectly perfect dreams were ever ever going to come true and I was like just meant to be a stupid gallery geisha forever and ever and ever! . . . I shook my supercute head and hocked a yellowred loogie out the window. Because I definitely definitely couldn’t think that. Gnashing my tiny teeth I slammed my blue and yellow vintage sneaker down on the accelerator—and the van catapulted through a red light, through a construction zone, through a citywide wormhole . . .
I handed the heavy keys to the valet and told the skinny pipsqueak there better not be a single scratch on my bitch because I’d like totally sue and he’d like totally be liable and I like totally wasn’t playing and like just try and fucking test me you scrawny bastard! I gave the gangly stork a good long glare. Then I spun on my sneakers and sprinted inside Die Welt als Willie und Sauerkraut . . . 
They were just getting ready for dinner. With a few early eaters singing at the tacky Bundesliga bar and knocking back Bavarian lager with a side of Strasburg sausage. Clenching my extra-small fists I walked right up to the bowling ball-breasted hostess slap dancing on top of the empty tables in a skintight, brown and green lederhosen.
“Excuse me but I’m going to be shooting a movie in here tonight.”
The barmaid jumped off the table and stared at me. She tugged on her pigtails.
“I said, I’m going be shooting a movie in here tonight.”
The barmaid jumped back on the table and stared at me. She swung her pigtails over her head.
“I said—” 
“Ja! I heard you the first time,” the barmaid jumping off the table and slapping me in the face with one of her pigtails. “But that’s not going to happen.”
I pulled a pickled hairball out of my dry but still supercute mouth. “Why not? I’m obviously going to pay you if that’s what you’re so worried about.”
The barmaid snickered, then slapped me again with one of her pigtails. “Nein! Anyone who wants to use the restaurant for anything other than eating or drinking has to take it up with our events manager at least two or three months in advance. You can’t just walk in here and start shooting a movie. This isn’t a Polish hot dog stand.”
“But this is important! We’re like totally talking life or death here! I need to use the restaurant tonight—tonight!”
“Das is mir Wurst!” the barmaid laughing and slap dancing away in her skintight lederhosen.
Ugh! I definitely couldn’t help yelling after her—“You know you’re the type of stuck-up cunt that just stood around and let the holoca—” 
I waited for the skinny valet to bring my bitch around. It took way too long. And I definitely didn’t like the creepy smirk the gangly stork gave me when he finally handed me the heavy keys. And so that’s why I definitely didn’t tip him. No way. Definitely not . . . 
4:30 PM or so. Ultraviolet rays peeing through the grayer than gray clouds. Peeing and spraying me through the brand new cracks in my bitch’s windshield. All this invisible pee irritating my hedgehog eyes as I sped back across the Island Kingdom, deftly maneuvering the van around a broken-down bus, a left-to-rust aircraft carrier, a wandering cripple . . . switching lanes, switching lanes, switching lanes and suddenly aiming for a rage-red fire hydrant on Houston Avenue which was like seriously bothering me and seriously needed to pay! The van’s front bumper letting out a crunchy sob as I quickly backed up and rallied on out of there with a sinister smile on my flushed little face . . . 
A few fender benders later, after playfully peeking into the rearview mirror, I pulled the e-brake and drifted up Bedford Street, easing my bitch into the really quaint West Village where I was hope-a-hoping against hope they’d like definitely be a little bit more accommodating.
And they totally were.
Greeting me at the door in a fitted black and white tux, the curly-haired maître d’ didn’t even put up a fight when I shoved him back against the intimate grotto and said—“Hey you. Yea you. I’m going to be shooting a movie in here tonight.”
He just smiled a gold-capped smile. “Not a problem, signorina. We charge a standard fee of $1000 per hour with a minimum of four hours per shoot. All of which must be paid upfront and is completely non-refundable under any and all circumstances.”
I gulped, I gagged. “Do you take credit cards?”
“Certamente.”
Twitching, sweating, twitching I swiped Daddy’s extra-platinum credit card.
The maître d’ nodded his razor-thin face. “And how large will your cast and crew be?”
“Oh, um,” thinking out loud, “I guess on this shoot I’ll have to be the director and cameraman and DP. Hopefully I’ll be able to set up the lighting and sound equipment on my own. Extras obviously won’t be a problem. So I guess it’ll just be me and Giacomo and So—AH!” Fuck shit fuck! Who the hell was going to be playing Sophie!
The maître d’ curled back his waxed mustache. “Si?”
“Two or three!” I blurted. “They’ll just be two or three of us.”
He nodded. “Bravissimo. We have you down for a two- or three-person, four-hour shoot. With any additional hours charged at the standard overtime rate of $5000 per hour. Your shoot is scheduled to begin at six o’clock this evening. Ci vediamo più tardi.”
I paced back and forth, back and forth in front of the trattoria. Because I seriously couldn’t believe I’d like actually forgotten about Sophie’s part. Because I mean could I like be any more of an idiot or what! I took out my smartphone and scrolled though my contacts. Ugh this was not good. This was definitely not good! Where-oh-where on earth was I going to find someone who at the drop of a hat, my hat, could like totally nail the role of a green-eyed tease from Southern California? Besides it’s not like I knew that many actors. Actors like seriously gave me the creeps. Actors were justso—so something . . . My little finger scrolled over her yummy-yummy name. Oh boy oh boy, could I, would I, should I? I mean, she did have greengold lamb eyes, and she was from Southern California, and she had majored in theatre or performance studies or something. But wouldn’t it be like ridiculously awkward if I called my ex’s new girlfriend? If I like called the real Sophie Strudel and told her I was making a movie that was kinda but not really about her?
I called anyway. Because this was like definitely an emergency. I bit my lower lip and waited for my former friend’s voice to pop up on the other end of the line. But of course it went straight to voicemail. Ugh, why! Tiny tears tightening up my tiny throat I left a twenty-minute message begging Sophie to please-oh-please come help me finish my film school application because I’d like obviously pay her or take her to Disney World or buy her fancy clothes or like whatever she wanted! 
I hung up, climbed back into my bitch, and since I definitely didn’t have any other choice, barreled uptown. But this time I was like totally hell-bent and definitely wasn’t about to waste my precious little time with the law or any other inhibiting distractions. No stopping, no fretting, no dillydallying at stupid red lights, at procrastinating stop signs or laid-back pedestrian crossings. This time I blazed and blazed up the West Side Highway, the gray Hudson frothing to my left, the Manhattan icebergs to my right, the needle locked on 90 mph as I rammed the wobbly van through bird shit showers, through FBI roadblocks, acid rain avalanches, sarin gas clouds and Mad Max biker wars—squeezing the huge steering wheel harder and harder until my extra-small knuckles broke through the supertaut skin in a burst of bone and blood and bliss! 
#
The gargoyle lifted his atrophied brain out of his smartphone.
“You’re-you’re-you’re back.”
“That’s right,” I said, taking a really stern step out of the beer-thick shadows. “I’m back. And now could you please give this to Miss Sophie Strudel whenever you see her.”
“Wha-wha-what is—it?” The bodybuilder bouncer unfolded the neon-pink sticky note, tried to remember how to read. He whispered, “I don’t, I don’t, I don’t wa-wa-want any, trouble, from, you.”
“Oh come on,” sighing, hands on hips. “It’s just a note. It’s not like a bomb or anything. Just tell Sophie I really need her help tonight. I know she stops here for drinks every Thursday.”
The gargoyle slipped the note underneath his ketchup-spotted wifebeater. “Fine,” he said. “I’ll, I’ll, I’ll, do it.” He licked the lard off his lips. “But you o-o-o-owe—me.”
“Fine,” I said, and twirled out the door, gagging.
#
I was driving through the park, down the West Drive. And even though I’d smashed through the ‘Official Vehicles Only’ barrier at the 77th Street entrance I figured people would like just take one look at the white van and obviously think I was like an undercover park ranger or something. Only problem was, I definitely didn’t like how my bitch was handling. Something was off. Something felt seriously wrong. There was a loud scraping noise. A really scary thump-thump beneath my feet. I poked my supercute head out the window and had myself a looksee, the chilly wind slashing my bangs across my very concerned forehead . . . Ah, I knew it! A fucking flat! NO! Screaming my adorable little lungs out I pulled over underneath a pin oak tree . . .
A flat tire in Central Park. It was almost funny, almost absurdly hilarious. That is, if it wasn’t all so horribly horrible! A trillion tears fogging up my glasses I bent down and examined the deflated, the useless, the totally disgusting rubber skin. With a full-body shriek I pulled out the red pocketknife which someone had maliciously stabbed into my bitch’s tire. Then I ripped off the valet parking receipt tied round and round the keychain loop. Oh that bastard! That skinny, that gangly bastard! Luckily Daddy and Mommy were Triple-A members so I called for immediate roadside assistance and waited. I waited in this overpopulated forest of forking paths, forking furies. Where every time the five o’clock whispers blew through the leafless trees I could like actually see the suit-and-tie corporations scratching each other’s backs on the other side of this flatter than flat lake. Breaking bread on the GO BIG OR GO HOME balconies. Celebrating with tequila shots, with rough sex. Celebrating and sneering down at little ol’ me, stranded way over here, on the anywhere but right side of this manmade Sargasso Sea. I nibbled on a bitter blade of Central Park algae and waited for the cavalry to arrive . . .
Rolling on a new tire I rushed downtown, holding my breath and carefully crashing and flipping the van down Park Avenue’s gilded shores. Snowballing past the cosmetic surgery shrines, past the investment banking brothels, past the luxury car dealership and right through the Helmsley Building peephole—where I had to pump-a-pump the breaks because of a three-car pileup on the viaduct! AH! Like actually about to freak out and die I slowly, slowly wheeled my bitch round and round the smoldering heap of lost time. Wheeled my bitch round and round the uglier than ugly MetLife Building. Round the Grand Central chicane. Round the last slice of gray sky and back down to the Park Avenue dragstrip. I floored my bitch into the night . . .
Blue and red sirens twinkling in my rearview I pulled the van up onto Union Square and swung my raccoon eyes over the human haystack—back and forth, back and forth—crying with relief when I finally spotted him on top of his collapsible step stool, neon-pink shopping bag at his side, scarecrow head and beard howling at a family of somewhat intrigued hermaphrodites who every now and then tossed a goodluck quarter at his black combat boots. I honked. I honked and honked and honked till I got my favorite preacher’s attention . . .
But even when I did I still had to bite down on my anxiety and wait for him to finish using his superhairy genitalia to bless and threaten all of Manhattan. Like only when he was good and ready, his Sasquatch eyes lit up by a flickering streetlamp, did my favorite hobo zip up his camo cargo pants, flip up the supergreasy collar on his extra-large jean jacket, and shuffle on over to the van. My van . . .
I rolled down the passenger side window. Giacomo poked his Minotaur horns in and growled at me—“What the fuck are you doing here? Can’t you fucking see I’m trying to help these motherfuckers save their immortal fucking souls!”
I rolled my lemur eyes. “Yea yea, whatever. Look I’m really sorry but we’ve got like a ton of work to do tonight. So please get in.”
“Fuck no. Why?”
“Because we’ve got to be at the restaurant in like twenty minutes. Everything’s ready to go and we’re like actually on the clock here.”
“I don’t fucking know what the fuck you’re talking about. I fucking told you, I’ve got to help these motherfuckers save their immortal fucking souls before it’s too fucking late. I’ve got to help them get the fuck off this failed planet!”
I sighed. “Okay, so here’s the deal. You’ll have as much coffee as you want. You’ll have as much pasta as you want. And just think about how many immortal souls you’ll be able to save once we’re like ridiculously famous and ridiculously rich. Just think about that.”
Giacomo scratched a clump of rat feces off his Gorgon dreadlocks, chewed on the eternal question—yay or nay, or nay yay, or—
“Get in now!” totally yelling at him because by now the pervy pigs had spotted us and were closing in fast—crouching and crawling, sweaty swine-hooves unclipping sweaty holsters, aviator sunglasses grinning in the dark. Grinning, targeting, grinning.
With a centaur’s paranoid yelp Giacomo hopped into the passenger seat and I slammed my vintage sneaker down on the accelerator just as the first 9mm round slammed into the van—Bang bang!—I swerved and dodged—Bang bang!—I swerved and dodged—Bang bang!—I swerved and dodged and zigzagged all the way back to the West Village . . . 
The fuel gauge hovering a throttle blip above empty I told my favorite gutter wolf to wait for me inside the restaurant. I was like totally tired, totally comatose. Ugh I just wanted to sleep. Forever. But I definitely couldn’t. Not now. Not yet. Shaking my heavy head. Smoothing out all the wrinkles in my favorite sweater (blue stripes, white stripes), then heaving myself to the back of the van and pulling out all the equipment for the shoot. I pulled it all out duffel bag by duffel bag, the redpinkorange twilight swirling overhead, the noisy traffic swirling down here, my tense but still supercute neck caked with city soot, a trio of really senile grandpas catcalling at me and my bubble butt as they hobbled out for the last hard-on of the day and the first of what was about to be their endless night. I pulled and pulled. Oh how I pulled . . . 
My great sidewalk pyramid finished, a Nile river of sweat sliding down my armpits, my thoughts too frail to focus, I slumped down on top of my rented tomb and with the last of my coffees swallowed another Provigil. Another two or three tasty Provigils. Then I pulled out my storyboard drawings, and like seriously hoping I knew what I was doing here, read over the really harsh but really helpful comments Professor Amís had scribbled in for this ridiculously important scene. I pulled out my smartphone and scrolled through the superpretty pictures I’d snapped and snapped at the library today, trying my very best to memorize the hints, the cues, the dos and don’ts of low-budget filmmaking. Seriously hoping Sophie wouldn’t bail on me. Seriously hoping everything would like just work out perfectly perfect for once in my twentysomething life . . . A really impatient voice called out from inside the restaurant—something about time, something about money. I put away my notes, gulped back my doubts, and definitely didn’t answer Precious’s text or phone call. Not now. Not yet. Holding my breath I hoisted the camera bag across my shoulders, gripped the light kit in one hand, the sound kit in the other, and then wobble-wobbled into the intimate trattoria. Because it was like definitely time to get going. Because it was like definitely time.
You Jump First, I'll Watch
Sitting and growling in the back of the intimate grotto, the cavelike walls bumpy with Parmesan cheese, with pesto sauce, Giacomo Jones gulps on his second or third Old Fashioned (rye whiskey, simple syrup, bitters, an orange twist, no ice), and hopes he won’t have to fire Sophie for standing him up and not falling in love with him tonight. Because he like definitely would. Definitely. Giacomo growls, takes another gulp of his stiffer than stiff drink, coughs, sneezes, coughs, and with a not-so-subtle head swivel, scopes out all the giggling couples crammed in tight with him in this hotter than hot cellar. He wipes his superhairy brow and stares through the orangeyellow candle flames at all the handsome-on-handsome gay couples, at all the hip-to-be-square straight couples, at all the lesbian and bi couples, the transgender, transsexual, cisgender, cissexual, intersex, interracial, gender-queer, gender-fluid, pansexual, other—at all the jittery couples out on first dates, second dates, on “Are we getting serious?” dates or “Why don’t we move in together?” dates, on “We should really get a dog” dates or “No, I like cats” dates—at all the crying couples out on engagement dates, breakup dates, anniversary dates, birthday dates, dates, dates, dates . . . His Elvis Presley pompadour spiked with sweat Giacomo Jones then heaves his giraffe eyes away from the marriage proposals, the bridal bouquets, and points his runny walnut nose at the swinging doors, a mustardy disc of drool yo-yoing down his starving muzzle as he watches the tadpole waiters whirling back and forth, back and forth with creamier than creamy pasta plates on their bulblike heads, vodka martinis at the ready inside indigo vests. Giacomo slurping up his yo-yo and peeking in at the hectic kitchen—Guatemalan chefs scrambling for pots and pans as six-course orders are read and shouted, read and shouted, as gas-burning stoves are fired up, industrial ovens fired up, heart rates fired up, butcher knives juggled, dropped, juggled, dropped, pinky fingers singed and severed, tempers broiling, aprons flying, raw food washed, cut, chopped, sliced, diced, tossed, steamed, grilled, roasted, seasoned then hurled up the counter and up the servers’ whirling arms, the doors swinging, the doors swinging, the doors swinging . . . A little tired, a little testy, our favorite superhero gulps on his sippy cup and pulls out his smartphone. He checks the time—6:55 PM. He checks his email—nothing new. He scrolls through all the 6.022 × 1023 reviews of Titian’s Tiramisu but decides it’s still way too early to tell whether or not the restaurant like actually deserves its 3.14159-star rating (out of π stars). Because only time will tell. Only time . . . Ugh, fuck time! Totally itchy with courtly love, twirling his smartphone on the table like some kind of postcyberpunk dreidel, our favorite superhero scratches his Komodo dragon scalp, gulps on his sippy cup, gulps twice, and promises himself that if he’s ever fifty-five minutes late to a date—to anything!—he’ll like straightaway go out and buy the most expensive Superman kimono he can possibly find. Plus a 9-inch dagger. Then he’ll write a death poem, edit the death poem, post the death poem online, and commit hara-kiri in Times Square. On fucking principle . . . 
At 7:15 PM Giacomo pounds on the two- or three-person table and slobbers on his denim dress shirt while spinning and plucking a mouthful of shrimp off a passing plate of yummy-yummy fettuccine Alfredo. Chewing and licking his superhairy fingers Giacomo realizes that he might just definitely be a little buzzed. Maybe even more than a little. He also realizes, with another 360-degree head swivel, that he probably definitely should have worn a tie or something. He peeks under the table at his Chuck Taylor All-Stars. And he probably definitely should have worn a nicer pair of shoes . . . Giacomo shrugging and gulping the rest of his sippy cup. Giacomo gulping on how best to fire Sophie without getting sued for sexual harassment . . .
After climbing up and falling down a few liquor-slick decision trees our favorite superhero shakes his muzzle and decides to go see a movie before calling it a night. He’ll sleep on it and fire that California tease in the morning. Already feeling much better, like so much better, Giacomo Jones picks his walnut nose and sneezes into his dinner napkin. Sneezes twice. But right as the pressurized snot builds up for a third orgasmic sneeze a lavender lasso wraps itself round and round his spicy wet dog cologne—and squeezes.
“Hey, boss. Sorry I’m so late. It took me forever to read the address on the note you left me,” squeezing and squeezing. “Don’t take this the wrong way or anything, but I think you might have the worst handwriting ever. It’s not even chicken scratch. It’s an angry corkscrew,” squeezing and squeezing.
Definitely not in the mood for any really lame excuses our favorite superhero sneezes himself free and wipes a thick strand of brown snot off his walnut nose. Giacomo Jones stands up, like actually about to raise hell and demand disembowelment. Giacomo Jones stands up and faceplants into a goldgreen net. 
“Don’t fucking worry about it,” grinning and grinning and lifting himself off the floor.
Sophie Strudel smiling a beauty queen kind of smile as she takes off her red fur coat, her red ushanka cap with the earflaps folded up, then gracefully glides down into her terracotta chair. The maître ‘d handing her a menu, curling his mustache and whirling away to go check her coat, her cap.
“Have you been waiting long, boss?”
“Fuck no. I told you, don’t fucking worry about it. And you don’t have to call me—”
“Good evening. My name’s Carl. I’ll be taking care of you tonight. Can I start you off with anything to drink? An appetizer perhaps?” 
Giacomo growls up at the annoyingly attractive, struggling actor-type waiter leaning over their table with his hands folded behind his back. Leaning and staring down at his date! Giacomo growling and coughing out an order of fried calamari. Giacomo burping across the table that since Sophie’s the one from fucking California she probably knows a whole fucking lot more about fucking wine than he fucking does. Sophie smiling and picking out a bottle of Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon, 2002 vintage—Carl nodding and salivating over Sophie’s eye-matching goldgreen cocktail dress—Giacomo growling but somehow staying put. Because even though he like actually wants to knock Carl the fuck out, he’s gonna let this whole thing slide because Sophie Strudel like definitely does look delicious tonight—milk chocolate hair curling down her vanilla-almond neck, pineapple freckles soaking up the orangeyellow candle flames. So no wonder Carl can’t stop trying to eat her  . . .
When Carl and his rapist eyes finally leave, Sophie flicks a strand of hair behind her peanut butter ear and whispers over the table—“This isn’t awkward, right? That we work together?”
“Fuck no. Why the fuck should it be?”
“Good. Exactly.”
That being said, our favorite superhero like definitely doesn’t know how to start things off. He runs a superhairy paw over his brown cheeks, his chin, groaning and growling because he totally missed a few knife-swipes this morning. He coughs for something to say. “Eh, why the fuck did you leave fucking LA and move to the fucking city?”
“Oh I thought you knew. I went to school in the city. At NYU.”
“That’s right. Now I fucking remember. And I fucking remember from your CV that you didn’t study fucking web design.”
“Nope, I was a theatre major. I was one of those who actually thought they were going to be on TV the day after they graduated. And I was, kind of. In like commercials and stuff. Nothing big. But I did that for two or three years. Till my parents told me they’d cut me off if I didn’t get a real job. And the only real job I could find was at a web design firm. Which ironically turned out to be the perfect job for me. It’s crazy how satisfying building a website can be . . . Then you guys called and I thought it’d be a great opportunity to broaden my skillset.” Sophie moves in closer to the candle flames. “Plus you guys pay better. Don’t tell anyone though,” smiling a Queen of Sheba kind of smile. “But I’m still hoping to get back into acting at some point. Just for fun though. It’s not like anyone actually makes a career out of their college major.”
Giacomo like definitely wants to say “what the fuck about fucking him” but definitely doesn’t because Carl’s back with the calamari and the wine.
Staring at Sophie, Carl tilts the purplegreen bottle for her perusal. 
Sophie reads the label. Nods.
Staring at Sophie, Carl uncorks the bottle, then places the cork on the table. 
Sophie picks up the cork. Sniffs. Nods.
Staring at Sophie, Carl pours Sophie a taste.
Sophie swirls the glass. Sniffs. Sips. Smiles and nods.
Staring at Sophie, Carl fills her glass and forgets to pour one for Giacomo. Carl now clapping his annoyingly attractive hands. “Have we decided on what we’ll be having this evening?”
Sophie lightly taps the menu, talks with Carl about preparation methods, cooking techniques, dietary restrictions, allergies and animal rights—Carl nodding and licking his lips as Sophie points and underlines her choice, porcini mushroom risotto, frosted fingernails tap-a-tapping the intricate font. Carl still staring at Sophie as Giacomo coughs out his order of veal scaloppini with a side of pan-fried asparagus (online editor’s choice), even though he definitely can’t be sure if Carl heard him or not . . . Giacomo calming himself and his superhairy paws by subtracting each lecherous stare from Carl’s tip total. Giacomo closing his kangaroo eyes and focusing on Dean Martin’s cooler than cool voice. Swaying and swaying through this hotter than hot cellar . . . 
When Carl and his sex offender eyes finally leave, our favorite superhero picks up the bottle of wine and fills his glass to the brim. He raises his arm and grins—“Cheers.”
“Cheers.” 
Glasses clink. 
Sophie takes a small sip, licks the blood of her lips. “So yea, I’ve been living in the city since I finished high school. Well except for that one semester when I went abroad to France and—”
“You did a fucking semester in fucking France?”
“Mhmm, I thought you knew. It was fantastic. I got to travel all over Europe and—” she’s off. Off to foreign lands and leaving our favorite superhero grounded in the USA. All he can do is sit and listen as Sophie now launches into her travels overseas, her studies abroad, her Life As She’s Lived It. Giacomo gulping down his wine and watching Sophie airbrush her autobiography across the table, each watercolor-year diluted into 365 kaleidoscopes of people and places—college theatre classes spilling over into a Parisian dance academy, faceless French boyfriends dissolving into weekend trips to Monaco, Florence, Valencia, a family road trip up and down the Riviera conjuring up shadowy yachts and lighthouses on the restaurant walls, cobblestone ports populated by gossiping townsfolk in black berets with arms folded, legs crossed, centuries idled away at a medieval square, a game of chess left unfinished on a wooden stool, two or three smoldering tobacco pipes, a bronze fountain shooting perfectly perfect rainbows into this limitless azure, sea and sky and Mediterranean men ambling about with their salt-and-pepper hair combed back, a crunchy baguette tucked tight under their arms as they stroll home to volatile wives, olive-black mistresses, the town’s half-naked sons and daughters chasing each other round and round this afternoon mirage while their stoic mothers stare out of quiet cafés, clove cigarettes dangling from their jaded fingertips, the sun in their hair drawn back and up as they gaze out the melancholy windowpanes at the passing, the always passing crowd . . . Ah, Europe . . . Ah, Europe!
“But what about you?” Giacomo hears Sophie ask him forty-five minutes later, when Carl brings out their entrées but thankfully doesn’t stay to chat or stare. “How did you come up with this life-or-death dating algorithm?”
“Oh that,” Giacomo skimming off a tender chunk of veal—“I’ve been fucking working on that since fucking college.”
“Where did you go to school again?”
“U of I. Fuck—the University of Illinois.”
“Oh.”
“Yea,” Giacomo washing down the veal with an extra-large gulp of wine, “I fucking came up with that at my family’s funeral.”
Sophie chokes on her mushroom risotto. “Did you just say your family’s funeral?”
“That’s right. My pops, my older brothers, my baby sis,” chewing on a chunk of veal. “They bought a fucking space heater,” chewing. “I was in the middle of fucking exams when the motherfuckers at the hospital called,” chewing. “I drove through fifty fucking red lights,” chewing. “They said it was a fucking blanket that started the fucking thing,” chewing. “We fucking buried them next to my mom,” chewing. “She fucking died giving birth to my baby sis,” chewing. “At the fucking funeral,” chewing, “that’s when I fucking realized that if a motherfucker’s faced with something bad, real fucking bad,” chewing. “If it’s fucking life or death for them they’ll fucking cling to anything. They’ll fall in love with any motherfucker,” chewing. “Problem is, every motherfucker out there has a fucking different conception of what’s life or death,” chewing. “Of course we’re not talking about a fucking conscious conception here. No fucking way,” chewing. “Even if a motherfucker has that—which they never fucking do— it doesn’t fucking matter. There’s too much ego static,” chewing. “Too much fucking noise,” chewing. “What fucking matters is a motherfucker’s subconscious conception of what life or fucking death means for them,” chewing. “That’s what fucking counts. And that’s where the fucking algorithm comes in,” chewing. “It sorts through a motherfucker’s profile—place of fucking birth, credit score, ideological framework, adolescent ambitions, sexual fucking history, etc.—and matches that motherfucker with the appropriate life-or-death scenario,” chewing. “Then it matches together those fucks that share the same fucking scenario.” Giacomo washes down the veal with an extra-large gulp of wine. He burps. He burps twice. “I know what you’re fucking thinking. You’re fucking thinking what if no one shares the same fucking scenario. What if there’s a fucking infinite set of scenarios and a finite set of motherfuckers to match up. You’re thinking I’m a fucking amateur, aren’t you? You’re thinking I’m a fucking idealist, aren’t you! Well maybe I am. Maybe I fucking am . . .” Giacomo takes another extra-large gulp of wine. “But not anymore. These fucking days I’m a piece of practical shit. I sold out the fucking day I introduced probability. Percentages. When I had to set feasible fucking limits for the number of fucking scenarios available at any one fucking time. Margins of error and all that vulgar shit . . .” Giacomo takes another extra-large gulp of wine. “There you fucking go. Truelove.”
Sophie blushes and squirms in her terracotta chair. She picks at her risotto, mumbles into her plate. “I’m sorry to hear about your family.”
Giacomo shakes his muzzle. “Don’t fucking worry about it.” He skims off another tender chunk of veal. Washes it down with an extra-large gulp of wine. “Are you fucking heading back to California for the fucking holidays?”
“No, not this year,” head down, mumbling, picking at her risotto. “My parent’s are flying in next week with my brother. They’re staying till New Years . . .”
Giacomo grunts but definitely doesn’t know what else to say. And neither does his date. So for a few surprisingly comfortable minutes the two or three coworkers just sit across from each other—goldgreen cocktail dress across from denim dress shirt. They sit, eat their really yummy food, and listen to the giggling couples. To Dean Martin’s voice swaying and swaying through this intimate grotto . . . 
Sophie talks first. She whispers into her plate. “When I was abroad, I took a trip to visit the firebombing memorial in Dresden. My great-grandparents survived, but no one else in their family made it. I guess I should say my family. Even though I don’t know anything about them.”
“How the fuck did they make it?”
“They ran down the street and hid in an empty slaughterhouse. In the basement.”
“Jesus . . .”
The giggling couples. Dean Martin’s voice and a three-note chime.
Flicking back her milk chocolate hair, Sophie bends down and reaches into her Louis Vuitton handbag. She pulls out her flashing smartphone, glances at it, then drops it back into her handbag with a freckly smile. “Sorry about that.”
“Don’t fucking worry about it.”
Giacomo skims off another tender chunk of veal. Washes it down with an extra-large gulp of wine. He feels something delicious tickle-tickle up and down his spine. He coughs for something to say. “What the fuck was wrong with Peter today? He was being a real fucking pain in my fucking ass.” 
Sophie nods and sips on her wine. “I know, right? I’m not sure. It looked like he was just having a bad day. Maybe there was something wrong at home.”
Giacomo hacks and hacks at a really tough chunk of veal, growling, “He should fucking stay fucking home if he’s going to be such a fucking prick . . .”
Sophie uses her dinner napkin to wipe the blood off her lips. “So, boss, what do you usually do after work?”
“Eh, after work—after fucking work I usually just go back to my fucking apartment and fucking relax. Go online. Stream a TV show. Jerk off. Sleep. The fucking usual . . . Either that or I head over to fucking Queens and hang the fuck out.”
“You hang out in Queens?”
“That’s right. I know these motherfuckers who live over there—under the fucking bridge. They don’t wear shirts and they only eat mac and fucking cheese.” 
“Really? That’s intense.”
Giacomo grins and feels something stir. “Yea it fucking is. Real fucking intense.”
Sophie cracks a Fairy Queen kind of smile. She whispers through the candle flames. “Sounds like fun. You’ll have to take me there sometime . . .” 
Almost blushing, almost totally in love and definitely drunk, Giacomo Jones finishes his veal, his wine, and while trying his very best not to cum really hard in his London-gray slacks, promises himself that he’ll like definitely take her there, take her anywhere in the world as long as she’ll be his girlfriend. As long as she’ll move in with him and go to Sunday brunch with him. As long as Sophie Strudel will marry him and have his superhairy kids. As long as she’ll—
“Now have we left any room for our world-famous tiramisu?”
“What the fuck! Can’t you fucking see we’re fucking busy here you piece of motherfucking shit!” Giacomo flipping the table over and punching Carl in his annoyingly attractive face.
Chapter Six
Ugh, like what are these things that spin me round and round? That carry ladders, carry me-me-me melodies. That trample through my really tidy field of view without even asking or looking out for the pretty peripheral flowers or saying I’m so sorry, Zoe, it’ll never happen again. Without even paying for a brand new yard of perception or a foot of color or an inch of Zen. That always talk, talk, talk . . . Ugh, seriously now, what are these other people who just won’t ever leave my adorable little senses alone! . . .
Like an inflatable life raft tossed this way and that on a corpse-black sea, I was floating aimlessly from one end of the gallery to the other, drifting from side to side, wall to wall in my black dress and black tights, in my black stiletto heels. Drifting through the gallery and trying my very best to keep my really long legs away from the hundreds and hundreds of annoying jellyfish who just wouldn’t stop stinging me with their work-toxic tentacles—moving, hanging, installing multi-million dollar artwork, moving, hanging, installing multi-million dollar artwork. Who just wouldn’t stop asking me what goes where and how come and why don’t I give them a hand with this backbreaking canvas? Um, no thanks. Maybe next time. But probably definitely never! I closed my raven eyes and leaned back against the treelike tarp which had sprouted up in the center of the gallery overnight, some kind of bulky frame hidden underneath. I closed my raven eyes and rubbed last night’s failure into my crinkled but still really soft temples. I closed my raven eyes and tried my very best not to listen to bitchy blonde Lola ordering the hired Hispanic hands this way and that. Tried my very best to not listen to her slutty innuendos, her deportation threats. I rubbed and rubbed my temples. Because thankfully Lola’s abusive and totally racist power trip was like only scheduled to last until Madame Banksy, the curator, the real boss, came back from combing the city for a wedding singer or a Queen tribute band or a computerized glee club that could copy and paste and harmonize something or other at the opening next week . . . copy and paste and harmonize . . . I rubbed and rubbed my temples, trying my very best but totally failing to ignore my growling core. But like how could I! I mean eleven o’ clock on a Friday night and I still hadn’t had anything to eat! Like not even a granola bar. Like not even half a yellowbrown banana. Even though it definitely wasn’t my fault. I just hadn’t had the time for anything but a case of energy drinks and some really stale Swedish Fish. I just hadn’t had the time, the time, the time. I rubbed and rubbed my temples. Because I like seriously just needed to get out of here. This whole work thing was like definitely not working for me right now. I needed some me-time. I needed to recover and reassess—everything . . . 
“What’s wrong, Zoe?” someone poke-a-poking me in the shoulder. “You don’t look too good. Actually, you look bad. That must have been one serious case of food poisoning,” someone laughing at me.
I sighed and slowly opened my marmot eyes, totally knowing what to expect—and yep, there she was, bitchy blonde Lola in her tight leather pants, in her jaguar print top, bitchy blonde hair rolled up into a bitchy blonde bun. 
Lola poked me again. I definitely didn’t have the strength to swat her anorexic fingers away. 
“Nothing’s wrong, Lola. I’m just tired, okay?”
Lola faked a frown, veiny hands on bulimic hips. “Well,” she said, wagging her bitchy blonde bun at me, “you’ve been moping about all day. Why don’t you go home if you’re not going to help? I’ll take care of the rest. You’re giving everybody the creeps by just standing there and mumbling to yourself. It’s not normal. It’s not professional.” Lola poked me again. I definitely thought I might tip over. “And don’t call me Lola. It’s Delores. And I’m in charge here, so you better get it right.” Lola poked me again.
Trying my very best not to fall flat on my face I clutched at the bulky contraption overhead. I hissed, “No, you’re definitely not in charge, Lola. But thanks, you like really know how to make someone feel better.”
Lola laughed. “No problem. Always ready to help out a friend.” And just like that she tumbled back into the stressful cyclone, leaving me hanging from the tarp and wondering how bossy that bitchy blonde would be if a red pocketknife were sticking out of her lower back . . . I let go, I rolled across the squeaky clean floor. Because even though I definitely didn’t wanna admit it, she was right. I nodded and grabbed my tote bag, swapped my stiletto heels for my blue and yellow vintage sneakers, pulled on my favorite sweater (blue stripes, white stripes, a few supercute coffee stains here and there), and then slowly, slowly waded out of this jellyfish-infested, Lower East Side lagoon . . . 
Oh boy, the temperature had definitely dropped a few ice ages since I’d come hurrying in from Williamsburg this morning. Two or three hours too late. Two or three hours too tired . . . Shivering, yawning, shivering I leaned against a buzzing streetlight and plugged my bone-white headphones in. Scrolled through my music library till I settled on a little bit of round about midnight jazz. Because good ol’ Miles should like definitely do the trick—mumbling and hugging my really thin arms tight to my sweater as I started to ice climb up Allen Street, staring down at the slippery sidewalk cracks as I rappelled over East Houston Street and climbed up 1st Avenue, bouldering my way up through the expensive grit of the East Village . . . Icicles crumbling off traffic lights, dive bar igloos on each side, mixologist trade schools, poetry slam cafés with postbohemian faces pressed up against the frost-embellished windowpanes. I could feel them all in there, in their cuddly warmth. Drinking their hoppy beer. Reciting their two- or three-minute resentment against society. Like seriously not caring if I froze and died out here. Like seriously not caring if I like actually disappeared forever underneath this upside-down glacier . . . Hugging my sweater tight. Holding my breath . . .
My smartphone was vibrating but I definitely didn’t wanna answer it. Because I like totally knew who it was and I like totally knew what they wanted. Because my really Polish, really successful parents had been trying to yell at me all day about the charges to Daddy’s extra-platinum credit card. Which after factoring in the “extraordinary” damages to the van and the rented equipment, plus the ridiculously embarrassing restaurant fiasco, had apparently come out to a nickel or a dime or two or three shattered dreams over $30,000 . . . A taxi-snail pulled its shell up to the curb, honked at me, honked twice. I waved the slimy cab away and felt my smartphone vibrate again with another unheard voicemail . . . Daddy and Mommy were down in Florida. Daddy and Mommy were designing a new opera house or a new Taj Mahal or a new Fallingwater or a new Machu Picchu or a new Bird’s Nest or a new Persepolis or some other architectural marvel. Daddy and Mommy were probably drinking strawberry daiquiris and sunbathing at a five-star hotel . . . Ugh, I definitely didn’t know what to tell them. Because the worst part wasn’t the money—nope, not even close! The worst part was that after racking up a $30,000 tab, I like still didn’t have any useable footage for my film school application. Like none whatsoever. Because of course Sophie had been a total no-show. Hadn’t even bothered to call or text or nothing. And that oh-so-polite maître d’ had turned out to be a pompous prick—calling the cops on Giacomo just because he’d had a little bit of food (it was just a handful of shrimp!), and just because he’d had a little bit too much to drink and had started breaking tables, breaking noses (even though Carl had like definitely been asking for it!). And so basically all I had to show for yesterday’s high-octane adventures (more like misadventures!) was half a memory card’s worth of stupid establishing shots and a bunch of background babel. Just random people eating. Just random people talking. Just random people eating and talking and whatever! . . . What a disaster. What an epic flop . . . Sighing, crying, sighing I took a left on 12th Street and walked into my favorite movie theater in the city . . .
After buying a ticket to whatever wasn’t sold out yet I tippy-toed back out into the cold bitter night. An hour or so to kill, I flirted with the idea of going in and having a drink at the frat-style alehouse across the street—the Alpha Satyr. But then I shook my black bangs and hocked a supercute yellowred loogie over the curb. Because I knew it like definitely wouldn’t be my scene. Not now. Not in my gallery geisha mood. So I fluttered, I shuddered back over to 1st Avenue instead . . . 
With a totally grateful moan I plopped myself down at the bar, crossed my really long legs and swept my lightening-scratched glasses over the cocktail list, the frostbite instantly melting off my delicate shoulder blades. Ah, it was nice and cozy in here. With just the right amount of toasty light spilling over the copper-green counter and heating the wall of fuzzy couches behind me. I picked at my Starburst nails. I ordered my favorite drink. “One gin gimlet, pretty please.” I picked at my Starburst nails and waited for the inevitable parade of semi-hard penises to come throbbing up to me. To hit on me, to grope me, to try to stick their STDs in me. But at least I’d picked out a really posh, really sub rosa speakeasy, the Grapes of Destiny, so I was definitely hoping—no, I was definitely expecting the clientele in here to be a little bit more classy, and a little less infected and creepy . . . The bartender made me my favorite drinky (nothing but gin and lime juice), I took a thirsty chug, and my first suitor of the evening stepped up to bat. 
Tall and totally married, the Costa Rican neurosurgeon who walked up to me and slid his arm around my precious neck started off by offering to build me a condo on Papagayo Peninsula for just a kiss. But as soon as he found out I was Jewish (apparently the fact that I knew how to scream “Don’t fucking touch me!” in ten different dead languages like totally gave me away), the neurosurgeon immediately switched from macho to thoughtful, and started boring me to death with a ten-minute history lesson on how his Sephardic ancestors had been forced to change their names and convert to Christianity during the 15th century Spanish inquisition. Which obviously meant that technically—technically he was Jewish too! So why don’t us Jews go back to his NOHO apartment, and while his Gentile wife breastfeeds his baby goy in the living room, talk more about how we were like obviously chosen to go to bed together! Um, no. Maybe next time. Probably definitely never! . . . Next up was a Texan tailor. Eighteen years old and fresh off the farm, this aspiring fashionista had apparently been swindled and conned on his first day in the city, and was now a gigolo, a crack addict, an underpaid hunger artist looking for a part-time gig. Half crying, half cackling and screaming with laugher, I wiped my liquor-flushed cheeks and gave the budding couturier some change for an ice cream sandwich and a bus ticket back to Texas. But only after telling the bartender that this despicable, this work-shy, this less-than-human junkie right here was like obviously underage and obviously shouldn’t be allowed inside the bar. Let alone allowed anywhere near me or my suburban calves! . . . Then came the North Korean businessmen who just wouldn’t stop talking about the health benefits of tai chi while he tried to rip my tights and pet my extra-small kneecaps. That forty-year-old perv was quickly replaced by a Las Vegas snuff film producer, a Hungarian hostel owner, and then a widowed veterinarian who like actually thought I was going to give him head in the bathroom just because he was about to be shipped off to a minimum-security prison in Northern Minnesota after, as he kept slurring into my supercute ears, “getting his greedy snout caught in Uncle Sam’s cookie jar.” I just smiled and sipped on my second or third gin gimlet. I just smiled and munched on a sesame wafer, a creamy slice of Brie cheese on top. I just smiled and thought how I wouldn’t even give this white-collar crook a lubeless handjob for a lifetime of free checkups for all my future pets . . . Smiling and stuffing a juicy cluster of fifty-dollar grapes through my really chapped lips. Meowing like a docile kitten at every lame joke, at every cliché compliment. Totally wishing Giacomo were here to scare and shoo all these lame bastards out of my life! . . . 
When I was done blowing half my paycheck (I definitely wasn’t about to let any of those losers pay), I strolled back to the movie theater, feeling jolly, feeling star bright as I skipped over a groaning gutter mutant, skipped over a shadow-eaten cadaver, and skipped right through the theater doors and right up to the red and white concession stand. Because even though I like never usually got anything at the movies, tonight I definitely needed something. So with a quick swipe of Daddy’s extra-platinum credit card (because what’s a few dollars more?), I bought an extra-large bag of buttery kernels, an extra-large soda, an extra-blue slushie, and then wobble-wobbled into the main auditorium, hoping against hope that no one in the city had copied my idea for a really fun Friday night. I wobbled through the darkness. I wobbled through the darkness. I wobbled through the darkness and smacked my glasses into a meaner than mean wall. Ouch! Double Ouch! I shook my heavy head. I wobbled through the darkness. I wobbled through the darkness and clumsily tripped on a patch of nacho cheese. Flailing out of the entrance tunnel and flailing into the artificial half-light . . . 
Crawling in concentric circles on my hands and knees, my tights like totally ripping, my ass cheeks squeezing out through the itchy slits, I picked up all the hair-coated buttery kernels and stuffed them back into the extra-large bag. Then I picked up what was left of my drinkies and blinked myself upright. I pivoted on my blue and yellow vintage sneakers. I swung my broken glasses from the really big screen upfront, to the three aquamarine walls, to the domed ceiling overhead with its crystal chandelier which twinkle-twinkled over two or three levels of—totally empty seats! Yay! Yay yay! Oh thank you thank you! Because except for some hooded teenagers kissing and fingering each other underneath the screen, the movie theater was like totally mine! Yay! Yay yay! Singing, whistling, singing I sidestepped down the soda-sticky aisles and picked out a plush purple seat in the back left corner of the old school theater. Way up on the second level . . . 
Ah, much better. I sighed and rested my really long legs up on the seat in front, crammed a handful of delicious popcorn over my pasty teeth as the previews started to flicker across the screen. The previews were like definitely my favorite part about going to the movies. Even though the first two or three tonight weren’t anything special. Just your basic action movies with your basic cheerleader ditzes, and your basic six-pack meatheads. Nothing special there . . . I sipped on my soda. I sipped on my bluer than blue slushie and shivered with brain freeze delight when the next trailer flashed across the really big screen.
Omaha. A dizzying montage of crumbling skyscrapers, torn earth, flaming comets and dead babies. Covered in bits of stone and rubble, two or three star-crossed survivors climb out of the fiery destruction as a tear-jerking orchestral theme sweeps over the Americana wasteland. Lost in shock the survivors pinch themselves and pull at their burnt hair. They look to the blazing heavens and ask themselves if all this is—real? They drop to their knees. They hug. They wring their blistered hands to the still burning sky and cry Why me! Why us! 
One cinematic flash later and the two or three survivors are passengers onboard a city-sized spaceship. Just two or three more broken faces in the midst of the millions hurtling through deep space, destination unknown, the earth nothing more than a springtime memory. A refugee romance taking root and sprouting out of this transgalatic exodus. Times are hard. Food is scarce. But the two or three of them don’t care. They’re in love. Fuck humanity.
Another cinematic flash and this feel-good story of hope and perseverance abruptly transitions into a fast-paced thriller, a sci-fi mystery. There’s been a murder on the ship. The two or three lovers are somehow involved. TIME is running out. Not exactly a whodunit. Not even a whydoit. More like a whatactuallyhappenedhere with just the right amount of truelove and telepathic aliens thrown in for a blockbuster time warp. Fade to black . . . Coming soon to a theater near you.
I shivered and crammed another handful of kernels through my bleeding lips, goosebumps tickling my spine, buttery saliva dripping down my chinny chin chin. Because why-oh-why couldn’t I direct something like that? Like why wasn’t it my name up on the screen? Why-oh-why couldn’t I get all the credit, all the fame, all the money, all the everything! Why why why why! . . . The crystal chandelier swaying from side to side, the really big screen swaying . . . I blinked back all my tiny tears and pushed my glasses up my button nose. Like seriously trying my very best to wipe away all the slush gushing out of my open mouth. Because my stupid tongue just wouldn’t get out of the way and let me swallow. It was totally swollen, totally thick with all those yummy-yummy gin gimlets . . . Falling deeper into my plush purple seat, the teenage couple’s moist murmurs muffled, distant . . . The feature was starting. Like all I knew about this movie was that it was in French (with English subtitles, obviously), so I was basically just expecting it to be exactly the same as every other French film I’d ever seen. Just one superhairy, quasi-subversive, quasi-introspective sex scene. I squirmed in my seat, blushing hard, real hard. Up on the screen, as expected, a totally cramped apartment was slowly surfacing up out of the sepia smoke, out of the muggy darkness, the huge speakers behind my tipsy head vibrating with violent hip smacks . . . I squeezed the bag of popcorn down into my lap and swiveled my glasses round and round the blurry, the velvety movie theater. Licking the bloody butter off my lips, staring hard at the wet bed, I slid my right hand under my dress and up my sweaty thigh. I pulled my tights and underwear to the side, gently slipped my middle finger in. Because I was thinking about my ex, about how we used to—but then I quickly remembered how that bastard had like totally cheated on me so without missing a stroke, without really knowing why, I slipped another finger in and started thinking about what it would be like to fuck a homeless preacher. To fuck someone as grimy, as deliciously dirty as Giacomo Jones. I bit my lower lip, rolled back my shrew eyes. I could like definitely hear gasping now but I definitely wasn’t sure if it was coming from me or the 7.1 surround system and I definitely didn’t care. I just squirmed deeper into my plush purple seat, curled my ten toes, and slipped another finger in while the couple on the screen fucked and fucked and fucked and fucked and like just wouldn’t ever stop fucking . . .
Feed Me
A tiramisu ass growls up at the moonless ceiling. Growls twice then slams down on a pair of panna cotta legs which squirm and moan and bend all the way back into a deliciously impressive banana split—fudge-topped, cream-filled, a red-ripe California cherry on bottom . . .
A tiramisu ass growls up at the moonless ceiling. Growls twice then slams down on Sophie’s crème brûlée pelvis with a “Fuck all of you motherfuckers!” lower back spasm—superhairy ass cheeks contracting, groaning, contracting, frosted fingernails scratching the really hot fudge off our favorite superhero’s spine, succubus fangs sinking themselves into his caramel jugular and slurping it all right up, up, up . . . 
The ass cheek contractions gradually subsiding Giacomo Jones pulls out his cinnamon cannoli with a really loud pop. He leans back on his knees and tugs the overflowing condom off his still very hard cock. He aims, he aims, he aims and throws the yogurt grenade across the 3 am shadows. A moment’s worry tickling our favorite superhero because he definitely can’t be sure if all his unborn children made it into the trashcan or not. Just like he still definitely can’t be sure if the first five overflowing condoms of the night made it in or not. Because there’s like obviously no way to tell. Not in this muggy darkness . . . 
Dizzy with sweat Giacomo stands up on the wet sheets and reaches over into the top shelf of his IKEA dresser. He tosses aside star-spangled merino wool socks, Superman boxer briefs. He digs into the black box of wholesale condoms and growls to himself while Sophie Strudel fondles and kneads his cookie dough nutsack, fondles and licks the mousse off his scrotum, fondles and peaks between his chocolate chip thighs at the 42-inch flatscreen up on the wall in front of the sofa bed—the TV muted but still flickering with the only channel that Giacomo Jones ever watches at home (the Discovery Channel, obviously). Propped up on her biscotti elbows, the sepia streetlight sliding down her peach cobbler breasts, Sophie sneaks a peak at the TV while causally fondling the pair of butterscotch truffles swinging back and forth over her forehead—back and forth, back and forth. She nibbles on these chewy bonbons and stares out at a burnt black wasteland with no trees, no farms, no cuter than cute sheep—the desolation just stretching and stretching and doing nothing but stretching until it like totally blurs away into myopic vagueness at our mind’s end . . . Sophie smiling and thinking that she might have probably definitely found some new real estate for her dad to develop. Sophie biting down on one of the chewy bonbons. Giacomo flinching. Giacomo flinching and trying his very best to unroll a new condom down his cock’s superhairy shaft. Oops, wrong way. He flicks the condom over and tries again. Perfect. Chewing on her wine-black lips Sophie lays back down on the sticky sheets, eyes closed, eyes totally closed as Giacomo kneels in front of her, coughs, coughs twice and swallows a tablespoon of Tabasco vomit. Because they probably definitely shouldn’t have gone to the Drunken Clinamen after dinner. And they probably definitely shouldn’t have had all those tequila shots. Ugh, definitely not. Even though both of them had like definitely needed something to help them relax and unwind after getting caught up in that remodeling project. In that intimate cage fight. Especially Giacomo, who finally realized how shamefully out of shape he was when he could like barely finish the two- or three-hour piggyback ride he’d been kind enough to force on Sophie after flipping their table over and disfiguring Carl’s annoyingly attractive face. Giacomo pulling Sophie by her milk chocolate hair and hoisting her over the chitchatting couples to the coat check, then hoisting her through the swinging doors, across the carbonara kitchen counter and out through the back door into a really smelly, really tight alley tunnel. Running from the maître d’ and his mustache. Running from the fucking Po-po . . . Oh boy, for a second there Giacomo like actually thought he was back in Chicago. Just another South Side dash and dine. Oh jeez, for a second there Sophie like actually thought she was back in theatre class. Just another student-run dress rehearsal . . . But after all that, they had like definitely needed, definitely deserved, a drink or four or five . . .
Our favorite superhero coughs and lifts his kinda shaven face. Tries his very best to focus on the orange and white vintage poster above the sofa bed—The Good, the Bad and the Ugly—Giacomo’s favorite movie. The only movie he ever watches. On fucking principle . . . Giacomo nodding to the gunslingers on the wall, tipping his invisible hat to good ol’ Clint then narrowing his mountain goat eyes and wiping a few more dribbles of Tabasco vomit off his prickly chin. He swallows his nausea away and poke-a-pokes Sophie’s key lime love handles. Waits for her to turn over on her cheesecake stomach and prop a blueredyellow Superman pillow underneath her rhubarb hips. Lights flash across the moonless ceiling. Sirens blare through the studio apartment. Giacomo Jones gritting his canines, powering up his superhuman groin, taking aim and slowly, slowly squeezing forward as an ambulance screams up 1st avenue . . .
Another muggy hour comes and goes. Another condom overflows . . .
Panting just as hard as her almost-charred great-grandparents panted during the Dresden firestorm Sophie reaches for the black box of wholesale condoms and pushes Giacomo down on his Nutella-smeared back. Sophie smiling a Delilah kind of smile as she then rips the wrapper with her glow-in-the-dark teeth . . . Watching her sit down on his still very hard cock, watching her greengold lamb eyes roll back into her funnel cake head, Giacomo Jones gets the really queasy feeling that there’s like definitely something alive and moving underneath all those layers of laughter. Even though he definitely can’t be sure what or why or how come . . . Giacomo sneezing, sneezing twice and shoving his cinnamon cannoli all the way up in there. Watching Sophie bite down on her wine-black lips. Watching her pineapple freckles scatter like Dippin’ Dots across her moaning face. Hands pressing down on his buttery belly. Fingers pinch-a-pinching his brownie-sized nipples. Someone grinding and grinding against his Mississippi mud pie pubes . . .  
Who knows how many overflowing condoms later, Sophie rolls off the sofa bed, picks up her smartphone, and while texting or typing or doing something other than watching her California toes, gracefully trips on a pile of programming manuals, gracefully hits her head on the bathroom door, and gracefully faceplants in the nude—sepia sweat glistening down her custard-creased butt crack as she gracefully pulls herself up on the toilet bowl. In a hot daze, in a cold sweat, our favorite superhero staggers over to the refrigerator, pours himself an extra-large glass of milk, chugs it, then waddles back over to the only window in this totally cramped studio apartment. He rests his bulging bronze forehead on the glass. Wipes the steam away and hears Sophie walk out of the bathroom, without flushing. Then he hears her slip on her goldgreen dress (a wine-black bullseye right below her bellybutton thanks to that intimate food fight). Hears her pull on her red fur coat, her red ushanka cap with the earflaps folded up. Hears her say that she has to go now. That she can’t stay the night. Not this time, the first time. Giacomo groaning and growling as a lavender snare hooks itself onto his walnut nostrils. As someone reaches round and round with a cashmere glove. As someone strokes and strokes Giacomo’s still very hard cock until he squeezes out a violent cum blast against the windowpane . . . When he’s done, when she’s done, Sophie pats his Reese’s cup nutsack, bites his crunchy ears and whispers that she’ll see him at the office—“Oh and by the way, I finished the website. See ya, boss.” Giacomo nodding but definitely not turning. Not even when he hears the door latch shut behind him. Because Giacomo Jones is looking twentysomething stories down at the florescent hospital across the street. Because Giacomo Jones is looking twentysomething stories down under its sterile surface. And what does our favorite superhero see down there, like all the way down under the Island Kingdom? Well obviously at first all he sees is concrete and grease. And obviously under that all he sees is sewage and crime. And obviously under that all he sees is a racist topsoil. And obviously under that all he sees is money and sex. And obviously under that all he sees are bureaucratic worms. And obviously under that all he sees is family and faith. But what our favorite superhero is really looking at is what’s under all that. Obviously. Because what’s obviously under all that is like way worse than any venereal disease or any jobless vacation. Way worse than any trailer park foreclosure or any Beverly Hills bankruptcy. Way worse than any eating disorder or any cognitive dissonance. Way worse than any inebriated idealism or any consumer overdose. Way worse than any post-Reagan state of apathy or any 24/7 surveillance matrix. Way worse than any centrally planned famine or any free-market failure. Way worse than any Masonic world order or any hip hop Illuminati. Way worse than any multinational swindler or any Mormon swinger. Way worse than any Zionist redneck or any jihadist bully. Way worse than any Christian slave or pagan renegade. Way worse than any sleepwalking atheist. Because what’s obviously under all that is a disgusting lifestyle. A revoltingly vulgar rehashing of the human brain. Consciousness shared, tagged, diluted. Because what’s obviously under all that is the natural selection of capital accumulation. Genetic drift of greed—neurotic mutations. Biomechanical anxiety and designer babies. Because what our favorite superhero obviously sees down there, like all the way down under the Island Kingdom, is the wireless nursery for a why-not-me species. It’s the social media spawning grounds for a get-rich-or-die-trying generation. It’s the open-source laboratory for the millennial monsters! AH! NO! FUCK SHIT FUCK! Because that’s obviously what our favorite superhero sees down there . . .
Squeezing the last drops of gooier than gooey semen out of his almost-flaccid cock Giacomo Jones sneezes, sneezes twice and picks up his Superman comforter off the graphic novel-cluttered floor. He hugs his favorite blanky tight to his superhairy chest and falls into his really wet sofa bed. He slaps the pinkwhite dandruff off the pillow, then reaches for his smartphone. Hears it fall behind the IKEA dresser with a scary crack-crack. Way too tired to look for it, way too tired to pick it up and set his alarm, Giacomo shrugs, shivers, and kinda but not really watches the Discovery Channel while he flip-a-flips through tonight’s comic book (Transmetropolitan, obviously). He flip-a-flips until his dopamine-heavy eyelids start to fall totally shut. But right before our favorite superhero passes out he realizes with a sweaty sniffle that they like never even kissed. Like not even once! Like not even a single sugary peck on one of his salty cheeks . . .
Twentysomething stories below, on the freeze-dried surface, another ambulance screams up 1st avenue. Sirens blaring. Lights flashing. Screams and dies . . .
Chapter Seven
My basket bumped into one of the slanted display stands. A flabby green dildo wobbled, wobbled, then threw itself at my blue and yellow vintage sneakers like a never-been-fondled fat baby. The rounded tip smashing into the ground with a skin-softening splat splat—splat . . . Oopsy daisy. I shrugged and reached down for the bruised, the totally bent vegetable shaft. Carefully placed it back on top of the precarious zucchini pyramid . . . After wasting another frustrating minute searching for the opening to one of those stupid plastic tubes I gave up and just tossed a few bareback cucumbers into my shopping basket, hiss-a-hissing under my breath as I glided away from the vegetable stands and fruit bins. Away from the gift-wrapped flower bouquets . . . Ugh, what a huge rip-off!—hissing and grabbing a box of crunchy granola clusters—I mean organic food is great and all. Like really great. But it’s still way too expensive and the whole thing is obviously just a discriminatory pricing strategy meant to keep the fast-food poor from ever eating steroid-free strawberries. Obviously . . . I filled my shopping basket with packets and packets of absurdly amazing goji berries. Because even though I like definitely didn’t wanna spend too much money, life was definitely way too short not to. Definitely. Plus it like wasn’t my fault that everything in here was so ridiculously edible. So delicious . . . I picked up a bottle of kombucha tea. I waltzed my really long legs down the artisan bread aisle. Ruffled my frizzy black bangs through the sourdough loaves, through the whole-wheat tortillas. And because I was definitely trying my very best to leave all my worries behind me I tore open a package of gluten-free hamburger buns and started throwing them over my shoulder bun by bun, dollar by dollar. I giggled and swiveled my broken glasses from side to side. No one in sight I lowered my yellowwhite teeth and gnawed on a cinnamon raisin baguette. I gnawed and thought about all my superstar goals in life. I gnawed and thought really hard about what would happen to the earth when the sun had like totally burned up its hydrogen core and half squeezed, half bloated itself up into a hungry red giant. I gnawed and—but then my smartphone vibrated and a partially chewed nugget went projectile-vomiting out of my coughing, my totally heaving mouth. What now? I dropped my heavy basket down on the glossy floor, reached into my canvas tote bag and read through Precious’s new text message. Apparently she’d just remembered something that we like desperately needed and desperately needed right now! I sighed and glanced down at my shopping basket, mentally checking off her requests—onions, red peppers, cucumbers, scallions, a loaf of walnut bread (Precious’s favorite), quinoa, couscous, and now—balsamic vinegar. Really? Balsamic Vinegar? I definitely didn’t know we were out of vinegar. Really? No vinegar? But how? Why? No vinegar? Really? . . . I sat down in the middle of the aisle and picked my supercute but kind of puffy button nose. I sat down and tried my very best to, number one, remember when-oh-when we used all the balsamic vinegar, and, number two or three, by methodically studying the stainlike hieroglyphics on the ceiling, I tried my very best to pinpoint exactly where-oh-where in the grocery store the vinegar might definitely be hiding out at . . . Eureka! I pulled out a yellowgreen booger and was right about to pump-a-pump my extra-small fist when a shopping cart brutally rammed into my shoulder and knocked my very small but very special victory aside . . . I pushed myself up to my knees, my blacks tights totally ripping, totally ripping again. I scowled at the cart brushing past me on two or three working wheels—my mongoose eyes spying ten kegs of Aztec beer, forty bags of crispy tortilla chips, who knows how many guacamole buckets and sour cream jugs, pico de gallo septic tanks and condom cartons, chewing gum and Vaseline, a bawling baby and roughly a hundred or so bottles of Moët & Chandon champagne. Looks like someone’s definitely throwing a really awesome party tonight, I growled, rolling to my feet and tippy-toeing after the squeaky shopping cart and its thirtysomething drivers. Ugh, no fair! Why can’t I go to a party? . . . I creep-a-creeped after the beaming parents. Followed them down the frozen-food aisle. Followed them deep into the dairy section. Trying my very best to stay one stalker’s step behind the squeaky cart, I watched the hunky husband reach into the refrigerated shelves and scoop up a tub of cream cheese, then a margarine ingot, his pear-faced wife crossing the non-fat items off her neon-pink sticky note with a smile and a peck on her husband’s well-behaved cheek. I licked my chapped lips. I followed the really happy family until I like totally lost them at the butcher’s booth—the good-time parents vanishing out of my life somewhere between the rib eye and the skirt steak. Somewhere between the ground meat and the marinated pork chops. But luckily by now I definitely didn’t care. The thrill was totally gone, totally gone, totally gone. Plus my hangover was flaring up again, and this shinier than shiny lump on my forehead just wouldn’t stop pulsing with pain with pain with pain. I winced and got back to my shopping. I shopped and tried my very best not to think about how much I’d spent last night. Tried my very best not to think about how much popcorn I’d crammed into my extra-small core. And I definitely tried my very best not to think about the smirking janitor who’d caught me sleeping in the theater this morning with my hand up my dress . . . I grabbed a crate of albacore tuna and groaned. Because I mean I’d been at the Comfort Station all day, all week (well except for my diarrhea day), and now, on a Saturday night, instead of doing something deliciously fun with a bunch of deliciously fun people, I was like totally stuck cooking a boringly healthy dinner with Precious, and maybe, just maybe, we’d stream a movie with a bottle of wine, or else get high and play a game of scrabble, but that was like totally it for the night. That was like totally it for my twenties . . . I lifted a soy sauce cistern and groaned. Because why-oh-why couldn’t my life have like a lot more action or something? Why was it just so—so revoltingly lame? I strained my teeny-weeny neck, reached for the paper trunks and grumbled. Oh if only I had like a sister or a brother or someone I could call right about now and vent to. Oh if only I knew where all my college playmates were hiding out at . . . Free samples, yay! I dunked my dirty fingers and picked out the largest blue corn chip I could possibly find. I dipped. I double dipped and twirled my heavy shopping basket down the aisle, creamy spinach on my tongue, sinister snickers barking up my throat. Tee-hee, tee-hee, try to catch me you if you can, you salsa-loving bastards . . . The stocked shelves, the barcodes and pink noise and me . . . Bingo. Got ya. I wiped my fingers on my favorite sweater and grabbed five bottles of balsamic vinegar. Because that’ll definitely show her not to use all the vinegar without asking me or telling me or nothing! . . . I wandered into the beer department. I rapped my Twizzler nails on all the really cute bottles and mused. Because maybe I just needed to get out of this city or something. Maybe I just needed a change of scene. Of pace. Because I mean where was this whole thing going anyway? Where was my life going? . . . I grabbed a cask of Scotch ale, slowed down my shopping, turned a corner, and watched a stout older woman (I was guessing mid-fifties) wag her really wide hips in front of me, the ugly florescent light filtering through the purplegreen wine bottles onto her plumlike purse, her plumper than plump fanny swinging back and forth, back and forth . . . I stared and cringed. Because would I have a saggy badonkadonk like that someday? . . . A rug rat’s step behind this curvy matriarch, wearing some kind of leather diaper, a longhaired, a nose-pierced, a seventeen-year old twink was holding up for his owner a bottle of South African Chardonnay (2009), his cherub-blue eyes begging for approval and cosmic reassurance. But no. Definitely not. The dominatrix just shook her gray-streaked cougar mane and pointed up at a Pinot Noir, Côte de Nuits (2005). Because that’s the one, the right one. Totally crying, totally asking for a spanking, the rent boy replaced his newbish choice and with a pair of sad hands pulled the Pinot Noir off the top shelf, all the blue washed from his eyes, his hairless testicles sucked all the way up into his submissive stomach. Sucked all the way up there, forever. And ever . . . I pushed back my glasses and watched the BDSM thespians mosey on toward the French cheeses and Kalamata olives, toward the whips and handcuffs, the pine nuts and roasted almonds. I thought about following but didn’t. Maybe next time. Maybe never . . . I picked out a barrel of Pinot Grigio. I bit my lower lip and chided myself for not calling my really Polish, really successful parents back. Because they were probably worried about me. Plus I hadn’t seen them in like forever and I could tell by their voicemails (by their screams) that they were like obviously still mad at me for not going home for Thanksgiving. Even though it definitely wasn’t my fault! There was just way too much to do at the gallery. There was just way too much stress going round and round these days. I like seriously hadn’t had time to even think about going back to the suburbs. And it wasn’t that big of a deal anyway. I mean, I was obviously going home for Hanukkah. Wasn’t that enough? . . . I grabbed a case of gin and sighed. Because at least the Xanax was definitely helping. It really did make everything smoother. Softer. It like totally helped get rid of all those absurdly, those ridiculously annoying existential pinpricks. I grabbed a case of lime juice and sighed. Because I definitely should have taken Professor Amís’s philosophy of pharma class. It like really was fascinating how the Xanax and Prozax just made everything flow and flow and flow . . . I snatched a sack of pistachios and smiled. Because maybe Precious didn’t even care that I was borrowing her medicine collection. Maybe no one cared about anything. Maybe I was the only one in the world who like actually cared and maybe I definitely shouldn’t! . . . Either way though, I was definitely planning on paying her back soon. Like real soon . . . Giddy as a teddy bear I crawled down my favorite aisle (the candy aisle, obviously!), and rubbed my lips on all the tantalizing wrappers— my glasses titled up at the tasty treats, my bloated button nose sniffing the high-fructose shelves, the yummy-yummy honey dangling right up there at the tip of my itsy-bitsy tongue . . . I jumped and yanked a bar of dark chocolate off the top shelf—77% cacao, complex notes of blackberry and currant. I jumped and brought down two or three family-size rolls of Smarties. I could already feel the delicious cavities forming on my tiny teeth. I bent my knees for another jump, my black tights like totally ripping, totally ripping again! But I definitely didn’t care this time. Definitely not. I took a deep breath. I tensed my quads. I—but then my bastard smartphone vibrated away my candy-capped mood. Ugh, what did that bitch want now? . . . Mushrooms. Apparently we needed shitake mushrooms. And apparently we needed them right now. I sat down in the middle of the aisle and looked up at the ceiling, the butterfly stains reminding me of all those Rorschach tests I’d seen on TV who knows how many times. I sighed. Because I really didn’t feel like backtracking all the way back to the boring vegetable aisle. I was seriously against backtracking. Like on principle. Plus, I realized, slightly annoyed, slightly pissed off, slightly frothing at the mouth—I never ever ever ask Precious to pay me back and she’s always the one who picks out when and why and what we’re going to eat and I should like definitely start asking her to pay me back with like tons and tons of interest! . . . I rolled to my feet and grabbed an oatmeal raisin coffer. With a goodbye kiss I turned my back on all the mysterious chocolates and lovable sweets. I turned my back and tried my very best not to cry, not to faint, not to die . . . Armani jeans tucked tight into low-top skateboard sneakers a pair of matching bros came stomping up the aisle toward me, wavy brown hair gelled back, smartphones held up to their ears, black dinner jackets slung over their shoulders, designer T-shirts winking at me like stop-and-go traffic lights—green shirt, red shirt, green shirt, red shirt. They were definitely giving off a West Coast techie kind of vibe. I was guessing either the Bay Area or Seattle. Possibly Portland. One of those places. But I definitely couldn’t tell if they were gay or not and their groceries definitely didn’t help. It could go either way. My crow eyes counting off two or three bottles of rum, orange juice, cranberry juice, baby back ribs, fried chicken, grapefruit, tangerines and way too much beef jerky. Oh it could definitely go either way. But gay or not they had like definitely spotted me and were staring hard at my face and chest and really long legs. At my heavy shopping basket. And I could like totally tell what they were thinking. They were thinking that I like obviously needed to go out and get laid. They were thinking what a pity, what a pity—what an unbelievable pity . . . With a self-conscious growl I lowered my supercute head and stared at my vintage sneakers, and even though I like definitely hated myself for it, I definitely couldn’t help blushing as I shimmied my really long legs between them. As they went to go do whatever West Coast techies do on a Saturday night in the city, and I went to go take care of Precious’s stupid shitake mushroom request. I squeezed my shopping basket, my extra-small knuckles cracking with rage . . . I poured a pound of pepper into my basket and groaned. Because like all I wanted to know was why a doublecrossing whore like Sophie Strudel got to have really rough, really good sex and I didn’t? It was probably just because she was from California. Like why was everyone so obsessed with California girls? What the hell did they have that I didn’t! . . . I snatched up a fistful of shitake mushrooms and made my way toward the longer than long checkout line . . . When it was finally my turn to pay my part the crocodile cashier took one long look at me, crossed his scaly arms across his apron, whipped his artichoke tail out at me, then nodded stiffly to the DON’T EVEN THINK ABOUT STEALING OR WE’LL GET YOU SENT TO GUANTANAMO sign above the register. Totally gasping, totally seething with suburban indignation, I slowly took out my extra-blue debit card, slowly waved it back and forth in front of the cashier’s elongated snout—back and forth, back and forth—then slowly kissed the magnetic strip and slowly swiped . . . I rapped my Twizzler nails on the counter, waited for the bank’s authorization to flash across the Pin pad screen. I sighed and thought that it was probably definitely because I hadn’t showered in like two or three days. My hair felt oily, felt gross. Even though it seriously wasn’t my fault. There just hadn’t been time to go home and change before work this morning. I mean it’s not like I wanted to go straight from the movie theater to the gallery. I just definitely didn’t have any other choice. There was just way too much to do. It really wasn’t my fault. I pinky swear! . . . Denied. What? I swiped again. Denied. What? I swiped again. Denied. What? The crocodile cashier laughing and reaching for the intercom, for his sawed-off shotgun. But before he could finish paging security, before he could finish loading a pair of 12-guage shells, I pulled out Daddy’s extra-platinum credit card and swiped and swiped and swiped! . . .
#
Like an urban fairytale the year’s first snowfall had sprinkled its Narnialike mystique all over Union Square. The sidewalk was wet with light. Everyone was out and about at nine o’ clock on a winter’s night—taxi dogsleds shuttling people this way and that, lumberjack hats and Burberry scarfs whisking by, Salvation Army volunteers in padded Santa Claus suits jingling bells, jingling bells, a whiskey-legged faun prancing round and round a flickering streetlight, a roving posse of cuter than cute Huckleberry Finns and Nancy Drews giggling and ice skating through the hand-holding crowd, giggling and pickpocketing the holiday shoppers, giggling and throwing beer bottles at the wasted Scrooge crying all alone on a bench, a reindeer-pulled MTA bus mushing and mushing through the really deep powder, the florescent billboard on its metal side advertising some new reality TV show for twentysomethings . . . I smiled and looked up at all the pretty buildings cuddled up against each other, smiling down on this totally picturesque, totally trendy winter wonderland. A few million windows lit up with office parties, with flatscreen fireplaces. Stars like actually twinkling over Union Square tonight—over Manhattan! Ugh, it was all just so pleasant. So deliciously comfortable. I bit my lower lip, and so that I could like kinda feel that I wasn’t totally wasting my twenties, decided to go sit down with a soothing cup of coffee before making the trek all the way back to Williamsburg . . . 
#
I shivered my way through the steam-tinted doors, my blue and yellow vintage sneakers bringing in the slush and frost. But the Pretentious Cup was so crowded tonight—New York gnomes, European elves, African unicorns—that I like couldn’t even see the register. Apparently the entire city had decided to power up on caffeine before hitting up the Lady Gaga bars, the Marilyn Manson clubs. But since I definitely wasn’t in a waiting mood I splashed and hissed my way to the front of the line. I winked at the tattoo-sleeved barista behind the espresso machine, winked twice and ordered a peppermint mochaccino. But this time I obviously didn’t even try to use my extra-blue debit card. Obviously not. Because I seriously hadn’t realized my bank account was running that low. Even though I guess I definitely had been spending pretty recklessly. Ever since that bastard had dumped—I shivered away that horribly horrible thought. I rubbed the shiny lump on my forehead and tried my very best to warm up my supersmart brain . . . Balancing the really hot drink on my blistered thumb, holding on tight to my groceries, my canvas tote bag swinging like a lethal flail around my neck, I shoved and screamed and headbutted my way to the back of the wooden den, spilling coffee and lots of cream down my favorite sweater as I tried my best to navigate this rickety Saturday night . . . What the fuck! Somebody’s great-grandma was munching on a macadamia muffin and flipping through an interracial porn magazine at my table. I growled and poked the old hag in her old shoulder. I clenched my tiny teeth and told her that this was my table and that I definitely wasn’t in the mood for any senile sex games so could she please like just fuck on off?—stomping my sneakers, clicking my tongue while the drooling grandma carefully slid the glossy magazine back into its plastic sleeve, carefully put away the notes for the erotica novel she was obviously working on, carefully finished her macadamia muffin, and then carefully gripped her aluminum walker and lugged herself out of my seat and out of the coffeeshop . . . Totally sighing, totally dying here, I threw the groceries on top of my two- or three-person table and sat my bubble butt down on the metal chair. My smartphone vibrating but I obviously wasn’t about to answer it. Obviously not. Because I just couldn’t go on anymore. I was totally stuck. Totally trapped in a totally boring bell jar! Like nothing seemed to be working out for me. Life wasn’t working out for me. It was all just too much, too hard, too whatever. I plopped my heavy head down on the grocery bags, dunked my bloated button nose into the handglazed coffee mug, and with the smaller than small black speaker above my head oozing indie rock lullabies, closed my opossum eyes and played dead. Because I just didn’t know where (or when) everything took such a terribly terrible turn. I held my breath and tried my very best not to think about work. Tried my very best not to think about my rom-com. And I definitely tried my very best not to think about how Sophie and my ex were probably out doing something really warm and really fun. I just pressed my little ol’ cheek into the walnut bread, ran my teeny-weeny tongue over my mildewy teeth, and tried my very best to dream about my lavender childhood. When everything was like so much . . . better . . . 
Minutes or hours later a grouchy voice squeezed itself into my remembered recess.
“What the fuck’s going on here?”
I slowly, slowly raised my bloated button nose up out of the mocha-tan swirls. “Oh, my, God,” I choked and coughed— “You!”
In his extra-large jean jacket and camo cargo pants, in his dumpster-diving righteousness, my favorite preacher was sitting straight across from me, his sunken, fur-lined warlock eyes glinting with brownblack riddles. “You don’t fucking look too good,” he growled. “What the fuck’s wrong?”
All I could definitely do was sigh. “Ugh, everything’s wrong. Seriously. Everything. My film school application is due this Thursday and obviously that like just happens to be the same day as the opening and obviously I don’t have anything to submit which means I’m never ever going to be ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich and I’ll just always be a really big loser forever and ever and ever. So yea everything’s just fucked. Just totally fucked!”
“Jesus,” Giacomo scratching his turd-clumpy beard, chewing on one of his Gorgon dreadlocks. “You need some fucking perspective. You need to fucking focus on the salvation of your immortal fucking soul.”
I licked the foam off my nose. I started to cry and shake.
My favorite gutter wolf leaned in over the table, his greenblack breath shelling my face with garbage flavors, with fecal spices.
“I fucking know what you fucking need,” Giacomo whispering and laying his supergreasy paw on my extra-small hand. “You need a fucking trip to the fucking Warehouse. That way you won’t fucking forget about the salvation of your immortal fucking soul. Let’s go back to the fucking Warehouse,” his words rocking me back and forth, back and forth, somehow soothing away all my twentysomething anxieties. “And fuck yea,” smiling his sinister smile, “I’ll take a fucking cup of coffee. No sugar, no fucking cream . . . Didn’t you fucking see the two for one signs?”
Warehouse Life Episode V: Career Paths
Glass-cutting winds and crystalized brimstone. Skull-crushing snowplows huffing and puffing on the slippery bridge upstairs. The Manhattan skyline blazing through the freezing rain like a New Jerusalem. Like civilizing Rome. Endless legions of supercute diesel trucks rolling out of the Island Kingdom with DSNY standards on their windshields—high-intensity headlights aimed at the barbarian darkness ahead. The tanklike trucks shoveling the muck off the creaking overpass. Salting the earth for all its hazardous transgressions . . .
Twentysomething leagues under the Queensboro Bridge, an airlock hisses and softly depressurizes . . .
“Whoa baby!” someone kicking open the metal vault. “I haven’t seen a storm this bad since the blizzard of ’69. Ya’ll better hold on to your dicks!” someone yelling into the howling wind as a shivering Giacomo ducks beneath a vampire-pale arm and faceplants inside a massive missile silo. Someone slamming the blast door shut behind our favorite superhero.
A few seconds for the pressure to equalize. A few seconds for Giacomo’s superhairy ears to finish popping, for his wildebeest eyes to properly adjust to the ugly florescent lights glaring down on the concrete and rusted steel. On the partially congealed olive oil puddles and the beer can cemetery. On the tundra of dirty clothes . . . 
“You hungry?” Dylan yawning and shoving a pot of mac and cheese into Giacomo’s paws, the orange goo generously sprinkled with ash by the hand-rolled cigarette hanging from Dylan’s laughing lips. 
“Fuck yea. Thanks.” 
Wrapping his arms around the warm pot of pasta, his neon-pink messenger bag strapped tight across his chest, Giacomo Jones waddles over to the only fixed point in the bomb shelter (the wobbly wooden chair, obviously). He sits down and shivers.
“Jesus fucking shit,” stomping his Chucks together and brushing the smoky sleet off his extra-large jean jacket. “It’s fucking freezing in here. How the fuck do you fucks live like this?” 
“Yea I know,” somebody shouts, but our favorite superhero definitely can’t see who. Because things are like way different now. Totally different now. Because that really tall fencelike superstructure, previously pressed up against the back wall of the Warehouse like some sort of posthistorical Stonehenge or some sort of post-Foucault Bastille or some sort of post-Beckett farce—because that thing back there has now been completely tucked away under a shield of camouflaging drywall. The see-through cages swapped for windowless compartments. Because the Pizza Boyz have somehow managed to build themselves paper-thin bedrooms.
Someone’s giggling voice keeps shouting through the drywall—“But don’t worry, the cold’s good for you. It builds character. Besides, it’ll be spring soon. And you know what that means. Nothing but sunshine and sex!” 
Standing behind Giacomo, one hand resting on the back of the wobbly wooden chair, Dylan yawns. “No, it won’t. The spring’s never going to get here,” slapping his skinny stomach and blowing a perfectly perfect smoke ring up toward the really high ceiling. “This is the winter of our lives . . . The winter of our lives . . .” Dylan blowing another perfectly perfect smoke ring. Giacomo swallowing a lump of cheese and watching the florescent will-o’-the-wisp sail up and over the box of colorless drywall. Giacomo swallowing and thinking that he can definitely see microscopic icicles forming here and there along the ring’s shimmering circumference . . .
A really loud wheeze echoes out of one of the windowless compartments, the middle compartment. Like a malnourished groundhog Wylie’s head pokes itself out through one of the two or three rectangular openings just wide enough for a liberal arts graduate to squirm through. Wylie frowns and wheezes. “Would you stop going on and on about the ‘winter of our lives.’ No one knows what that even means. If you’re going to talk, try to at least make a little sense. I’m sick of all the bullshit that passes for conversation in here.” Wiggling his hairless chest through the drywall crevasse Wylie then strides across the mouse-turd maze in his purple rain boots, nodding to Giacomo on his way by—“Long time no see.” 
Leaning back in the wobbly wooden chair Giacomo grunts and swivels his baboon eyes to watch Wylie grab a six-pack of beer from the broken mini fridge—the florescent floodlights bouncing off Wylie’s malnourished chest as Wylie chugs one of the beers and strides over to the makeshift gym. Pressing the six-pack down into the concrete mush Wylie throws Giacomo a beer, throws Dylan a beer, and scoops up a jump rope off the floor, the wooden handles double-dipped in oily sludge. In frosted tomato sauce.
Giacomo takes an extra-large gulp of cold beer, coughs and wipes the orange pasta off his very prickly chin. He burps. Burps twice. “How’s the fucking pizza industry these days?”
Wylie smiles and swings the heavy rope over his malnourished head. “No idea. We’re taking a break from all that. The whole thing got way too stressful. Wasn’t worth it. I’ve started building my own furniture. I’m thinking about selling rocking chairs to homeless veterans or something. There’s always money in that.”
“Jesus,” Giacomo shivering and hocking a greenred loogie on the concrete mush. Wiping his muzzle with his jacket sleeve then nodding up at Dylan. 
“What about you—what the fuck are you doing?”
Slumped up against the drywall cube, a frozen laptop at his feet, Dylan reaches behind his ear and pulls out another hand-rolled cigarette. He slaps his skinny stomach. “Thinking. I’ve been doing a lot of thinking lately. And I think I’ll be applying to grad school.”
“You’re fucking with me. Grad school?”
“Grad school. That’s the next logical step. There’s no question about it. It’s either grad school or the Peace Corps. There’s nothing else.”
“Jesus. What the fuck are you going to fucking study?”
“Not sure,” Dylan calmly tapping his cigarette, the graywhite ash drifting over the frozen laptop like a hundred dead lilies. “Criminal law, English, public policy, sports medicine, music theory—it’s all the same. It’s grad school. It’s a fact that people go to grad school to escape ‘the real.’ It’s basically just an excuse to have more sex. Grad school is where you go if you don’t ever wanna grow up. That’s an undisputable fact of life which I’ve come to accept—and will soon apply for.”
“Eh, I don’t fucking know about that . . .”
Blowing another perfectly perfect smoke ring Dylan stubs out his cigarette on the drywall, then throws his empty beer bottle across the massive bunker, aiming for the black plastic trashcan near the vaultlike front door. He totally misses. He shrugs and reaches behind his ear for another hand-rolled cigarette. 
“What about you?” Dylan yawning. “How’s your truelove company?”
Giacomo shoves a fingerful of orange goo through his chapped lips. “Eh, not bad. I’m almost fucking done with the fucking algorithm,” chewing. “I don’t fucking know why but I’m getting sick of the whole fucking thing,” chewing. “We’re fucking flying out for the Presentation this week,” chewing. “Maybe those fucks out there can give me some of that inspiration shit.” Giacomo chewing with his muzzle open. Licking the orange goo off his extra-large thumb and listening to Wylie wheezing like a dying Chihuahua behind him. 
“I’m going with you!” a giggling voice screams out of one of the windowless compartments. “I’m done with this city! I’m done with this rat race! I’m DONE!” 
No one says anything. A hungry little mascot trudges across the mucky floor, its tiny cheeks stuffed with crumbs, with dandruff snacks.
Out of breath and about to collapse, Wylie drops the jump rope and grabs another beer. He yells back at Syd. “You’re done with this city? Are you joking? You haven’t done anything except smoke weed!” 
“Exactly!” Syd giggling through the drywall. “There’s nothing here for me. I’m ready to move on. We should all move on. Let’s go on a road trip!” 
No one answers. Freezing rain swirls down through the extra-small glory hole overhead. The black silt mixing with the florescent feces, with the graywhite cigarette ash.
Totally unfazed by this really loud silence, more than likely belligerently drunk, Syd tries again. “What about you, Giacomo—you wanna go? We can take the minivan and drive across the country. We’ll throw out the pizza ovens and launch the first travelling yoga studio. What do you think? I’ve been taking online classes and my parents already promised to lend me the money for gas. I’ll teach you the basics. We’ll give lessons at truck stops and highway diners. We’ll have a whole family of sexy yogis with us. We’ll be on the road! Let’s go!”
Giacomo sneezes cheese all over his superhairy paws and extra-large jean jacket. He sneezes twice and definitely doesn’t answer.
Lighting up another hand-rolled cigarette Dylan laughs quietly and steps over one of Wylie’s aborted furniture fetuses (half bar stool, half drafting table), then walks over to the “kitchen”, kneels down in a puddle of olive oil Jell-O, and rummages about in the broken mini fridge—string cheese, cheap beer, string cheese—until he pulls out a chain of spicy chorizo. Dylan sits down on top of the mini fridge and uses a pocketknife to carve off fatty chunks of meat. Dylan eats meat and thinks.
Meanwhile on the other side of the Warehouse, somehow chugging a beer and chewing on a pepperoni pizza crust, Wylie squirms back out of his windowless compartment with a dirty towel over his malnourished shoulders, purple rain boots still on. He marches over to the wobbly wooden chair, snot-sprayed paperback in hand. He tosses the book into Giacomo’s lap. 
“Here, I finished it. It’s good. Not great. But good. You can read it if you want. It just can’t leave the Warehouse.”
Giacomo takes his anteater eyes off his pot of mac and cheese. He sets the pot down on the concrete mush and flips through the cum-crinkled paperback. 
“Why the fuck not?” 
“Because if it leaves the Warehouse then I won’t—”
An obnoxiously loud kazoo-buzz echoes and echoes off the Warehouse walls . . . 
“Wrong!” Syd giggling from his compartment. “It’s because he doesn’t want anyone messing with his collection! He’s a pervert with a book fetish!”
Wylie’s face flashes red, danger-red. Wylie grits his teeth and keeps talking to a grinning Giacomo—“Because if it leaves the Warehouse then I won’t be able to compare it with the new Philip Roth novel that I just bought and—”
Another obnoxiously loud kazoo-buzz rattles the bunker. 
“If you ask me,” Syd screaming with glee, “Philip Roth is the worst writer I’ve ever read!”
“Why don’t you just shut the fuck up!” Wylie shouting and throwing his beer bottle at the drywall—the deeper than deep impact setting off ripples and ripples of plaster.
A very slight pause before another kazoo-buzz rattles the bunker. 
“And I don’t remember who said it, but someone, some genius told me that the problem with reading Philip Roth is that Philip Roth hates women and that Philip Roth thinks all women are either trashcans or cum buckets and that’s why all of Philip Roth’s stories are pretty much always about the adventures of a little Jewish boy who goes around shitting and cumming on random girls and random grandmas. It’s disgusting. It’s insulting. And I hereby ban all of Philip Roth’s books from the Warehouse. Forever!”
“I swear to God!” Wylie gasping, Wylie choking, “Please tell me who the fuck this genius is,” clearing his throat, clearing his throat, “so that I can call him up right now and tell him to go stick a spiked douchebag right up his slandering asshole!”
Dylan snorts and looks up from his chorizo, pocketknife in hand, broken mini fridge open. 
“Sorry, Wylie,” he yawns, carving off another chunk of meat. “But I think Syd might be on to something. It really is an undisputable fact that Mr. Roth has a very misogynistic, almost gynophobic worldview. That’s true. That’s beyond questioning. What’s also true is that Mr. Roth does have a tendency to use his female characters as a sort of vaginal sounding board for all the problems he sees in our patriarchal society. He uses their bodies—their swollen labia—as a sort of carnal canvas. A canvas on which he then spray-paints all the evils inherent in the sexual division of labor, in the gender wage gap, and of course, in bikinis. This is a fact.” Dylan pauses to shove another chunk of spicy chorizo into his mouth. He yawns with his mouth full. “Actually, I wouldn’t even say Mr. Roth’s work has any real female characters. Nope. I’d say it just has a bunch of objectified mouthpieces . . . But hey, there’s nothing wrong with that.”
“What!” Wylie’s voice cracking, Wylie’s chest burning with hives, “How can you say something like that! That’s just so—so wrong! Philip Roth is a genius and a novelist! Don’t you realize what he’s been doing? Don’t you realize that he’s been picking apart the American identity for over fifty years? Don’t you realize that he’s the best at it! So why don’t you guys just say it? Just go ahead and say it! The real reason you don’t like him is because he’s Jewish. You just don’t get him at all because you’re nothing but a couple of ignorant anti-Semites!” Wylie’s face about to explode, “Just a bunch of brainwashed philistines! Heathens! Rebel scum! And you know what! I always knew it—I did!” a scarlet rash spreading across Wylie’s malnourished chest.
“Take it fucking easy,” Giacomo softly growls from his wobbly wooden chair, a blob of unnaturally yellow cheese on his extra-large jean jacket. “They’re just fucking with you.”
“Whatever,” Wylie mumbles, and humps it off to the front of the Warehouse, slamming the bathroom door behind him and climbing into the most repulsive shower on either side of the Mississippi.
A plastic kazoo clasped tight to his vampire-pale chest, a fat joint clamped tight between his giggling teeth, Syd struts out of his windowless compartment and picks up Wylie’s beer. He chugs what’s left and smiles. “You guys wanna go to a rave tonight? It’s going to be under the Drunken Clinamen. In the basement or something. Should be fun. I bet they’ll have that two for one MDMA special going on all night. Plus I picked up some ketamine and acid for us. What do you think?”
Dylan reaches behind his ear, pulls out another hand-rolled cigarette. He yawns. “I don’t know if you boys realize or not, but raves—and dance parties in general—are pretty much responsible for most, if not all of the mass suicides throughout recorded history. It’s an undisputable fact that every time there’s a crowd there’s a cult waiting for a leader. Especially when drugs and DJs are involved.” 
Syd struts over to the makeshift gym. “Don’t be such an asshole. Everyone knows that drugs and DJs are the only things that stop people from killing themselves after a bad day at the office. And besides, without a little substance abuse, history never would have got that killer record deal in the first place!”
“Please don’t say things like that,” Dylan blowing a perfectly perfect smoke ring up toward the really high ceiling as Syd takes a really deep, pre-workout drag from the joint, then starts curling a pair of 25-pound dumbbells. 
“Did you end up asking out that California girl?” Syd flexing his non-existent biceps.
Giacomo farts on the wobbly wooden chair. Farts twice. “You mean my fucking girlfriend?”
“No way,” Syd dropping the weights on the concrete mush. They land without a thump-thump.
“That’s fucking right.”
“Well I don’t believe in girlfriends or sex anymore,” Syd exhaling and running a hand through his thinning hair. “And I don’t intend to have either again till I’m thirty.”
Wylie pokes his malnourished head out of the bathroom. Wylie shouts—“You don’t believe in sex because you haven’t had any in two or three years!”
Coughing up a mushroom cloud of evergreen smoke Syd blushes and snatches up one of Wylie’s aborted furniture fetuses (half nightstand, half coat rack), then hurls it against the steel walls as hard as he possibly can . . . Syd squirming back into his windowless compartment as soon as he hears Wylie kick open the bathroom door.
A dirty towel wrapped tight around his malnourished waist, purple rain boots still on, Wylie reaches into the mini fridge for another six-pack of cheap beer, then strides over to the makeshift library of moldy paperbacks. He bends over and picks up the second-most relevant title (relevant to twentysomething life, obviously), a half-burnt, half-salvaged copy of T. S.  Elliot’s Four Quartets. Tossing Giacomo another beer, tossing Dylan another beer, Wylie squirms into his windowless compartment with the heavy book held tight to his wet chest.
A new hand-rolled cigarette on his laughing lips, a new beer in his left hand, Dylan throws his old beer across the massive arms depot. He totally misses the trashcan. He shrugs and squirms his skinny stomach into his windowless compartment. 
Progressive house beats now pump-a-pumping out of Syd’s compartment (The Chemical G-Spot), the Warehouse walls shivering from side to side, side to side, our Chicago-tough superhero coughs and takes another extra-large gulp of colder than cold beer. He peers down at his Chuck Taylors, heel-deep in a grayblackbrown pool of melted ice and dead fleas. He spits into the empty pot of mac and cheese, then leans back in the wobbly wooden chair and scratches his really itchy scalp. Because Giacomo Jones is definitely wondering where the Pizza Boyz are going. Like where do they see themselves in five years’ time? And how much do they expect to contribute to their 401ks before they retire? But then Giacomo burps, burps twice and feels something greasy land on his walnut nostrils. Squinting his eagle eyes, leaning all the way back, Giacomo peers up at the really high ceiling. At the fractal patterns of rust spreading out from around the florescent floodlights. At the glory hole directly overhead which definitely seems to be getting bigger—like way bigger. Another drop of freezing filth lands on our favorite superhero’s nose, the yucky muck sliding down his walnut nostrils, seeping into his bloated brain. Weeds of sweat sprouting up across his unibrow as he watches the florescent floodlights start to wobble. As he watches the freezing filth burst through the rusted cracks and break the glory hole wide open—a bucket of bubbly black grime landing on Giacomo’s muzzle, his lungs swelling with liquefied failure. Gagging, coughing, gagging our favorite superhero suddenly feels something that he’s like definitely never ever felt before. Not even on Chicago’s South Side. Not even when he was speeding through fifty red lights to identify what was left of his totally incinerated family. Giacomo Jones feels a trembling up and down his superhairy spine. Giacomo Jones feels so much fear fear fear that his human heart starts to race and bang up against his rhino rib cage. Giacomo Jones gasps—the really high ceiling wobbles, electronic dance beats shake-a-shake the steel walls, and in really slow, slow motion, one more drop of freezing filth slides down our favorite superhero’s walnut nostrils . . . Giacomo gasping and throwing up his arms, flailing and flinging beer all over his extra-large soul . . . Giacomo wobbling wobbling wobbling then faceplanting into the sludge-cushioned concrete . . . Ouch. Double ouch . . .
A few sympathetic tears later we shimmy our superlong legs down through the gaping glory hole overhead. Brushing back our frizzy black bangs we bend over and whisper our GET WELL SOON wishes. We lick our peeping tomboy lips and give that very prickly cheek a sloppier than sloppy kiss. Then we turn and leave our favorite superhero gasping for breath all alone next to the empty pot of mac and cheese. Next to the broken bottle of cheap beer. Because c’est la vie. Because you definitely can’t win ‘em all. Definitely not. Because twentysomething leagues upstairs, the supercute war rages on and on and on . . .
Intermission II
With my extra-small hand cramping up again, and a really patient smile on my softer than soft face, I close my spiral-bound notebook and slowly, slowly stand up. Then I slowly twirl away from my desk, my window, and slowly tippy-toe over to my twin-sized cot. Gentle as can be I plop myself down and lean back against the peeling strips of yellow wallpaper. My eyes closed— totally closed. My twitching button nose like the only thing hinting at how antsy I’m feeling right about now. How ridiculously excited. Because my really Polish, really successful parents are supposed to be stopping by soon. And I’ve just been itching and itching to show them my blossoming ego. I wanna show them all the mediating flowers. All the rational fruit . . . 
I straighten my back against the wall and just breathe. I just breathe. I just breathe and let it all go, go . . .
A burst of restlessness pricks my eyelids open. I blink. I blink twice and swivel my darling head round and round my smaller than small room. Trying my very best to keep this really patient smile on my face I pick up one of the self-help books that They want me to read. To study and incorporate into my daily routine. I lick the tip of my index finger and start flipping through the anemic faces, through the peer-reviewed articles which pinky swear that a size 8 waist, and a disciplined approach to the task at hand—whether it be eating, walking, or working on your tan—will invariably lead to professional success, to metaphysical contentment, and will of course, without a doubt, lead to a very comfortable bank account. I nod. I nod twice and recite my recommended mantra. A confident flush to my cheeks I tell myself that all I have do is stay the course, keep to the middle path—avoid unsustainable extremes at all costs. But as soon as my lips whisper the words, the sensible words, I nudge my mind back over to the desk, to the window, and drop it twentysomething stories down below to where the really fun wild things wallow. Because all I wanna do is jump back on that vacillating mudslide. On the one that meanders between lifestyles. The one that swerves on a dime between slums and Rockefeller mansions. Because all I wanna do is get wet . . .
With a yearning sigh I lift my doll eyes and look across at my flatscreen friend’s totally black face. I bite my lower lip and wish we could play with each other some more. Even though I know They definitely won’t let us. Not today. The bastards . . . Huffing, puffing, huffing I lie down on my cantaloupe core, cross my superlong legs, rest my chinny chin chin on my extra-small fist, then flip and flip and flip through the obnoxiously optimistic pages. Totally wishing I had a computer right about now. Or a smartphone. Or a vibrator. Totally wishing I could just go online right about now . . . 
Way too pensive, way too horny to read I frown and hiss and toss the patronizing manual down on the glossy floor. Because what the hell is taking my parents so long! Like what could possibly be holding them up—traffic? I mean is there some sort of highway-clogging exodus going on down there, a statewide panic attack brought on by an outbreak of Ebola in the suburbs, the death toll already in the thousands and climbing, the Pentagon staging a televised press conference and declaring this an obvious case of bioterrorism on American soil, initial investigations suggesting the virus may even be of Chinese origin and might only be the first wave of an anti-Western epidemic, tactical countermeasures already being taken, martial law declared in all fifty states, gas masks distributed, dusk till dawn curfew enforced, patriotic families hugging, crying, praying, a 24/7 Internet blackout put into effect as ballistic missiles are armed, countdowns initiated, false flags ordered and raised . . . Is that what’s going on down there? Is that why my parents are taking so long to get here? . . . Well either way I just hope they don’t bail on me again. I’ve been like seriously planning this reunion for weeks. Right down to the seating arrangement. I know exactly how it’ll all play out. Because the second my parents get here I’ll leap off my twin-sized cot and smooth out all the wrinkles in my whiter than white gown. Then I’ll smile my very best good girl smile and offer them each a plastic cup of water. Because I know Daddy will definitely want some, but Mommy will probably say No—No thanks, Zoe . . . The cup level with his heart Jozef will then go stand stoically in the corner with his head turned to the side in sharp sullen profile, not looking at us, definitely not wanting to be here, just staring out the window and taking long nervous gulps. He’ll probably mumble about the weather or the Dow Jones while the always elegant Mrs. Miriam Dreamstein sits down beside me on the bed, one trembling hand on my knee, one trembling hand sponging up her lavender tears . . . Then, once we’re all settled, once we’re all ready to share, I’ll start off with a really lame joke on how not having any high-speed Internet access has like seriously disconnected my libido. HA! But I obviously won’t get any laughs, and Mommy will bite her lips and put her arm round and round my shoulder, Daddy cringing in the corner, not too thrilled to be here, rather be out doing something, anything, anything but this . . . Oh boy, oh jeez, it’ll definitely be nothing but awkward sighs and sentimental shudders in this American pastoral. In this room with an oh-so-beautiful city view . . . 
Squeezing my softer than soft face back into a really patient smile, I uncross my superlong legs and roll off my cot. Then I tippy-toe over to my plastic desk and plop myself down. I pick up my #2 pencil, slowly open my spiral-bound notebook. Because I guess I might as well try my very best to make some progress while I wait for my parents to get here. I guess I might as well sit at my desk and slather on another big fat layer of cream-cheesy impressions all over this doughy and centerless, crispychewy and sweet-and-sour, mimetic bagel which like always seems to leave a tangy, what-does-it-all-actually-mean aftertaste at the back of my teeny-weeny tongue. Oh yes, oh my, I guess I might as well just do a little bit of that till my parents get here . . .
Chapter Eight
Thirsty! So ridiculously thirsty! Like seriously about to dehydrate and die I brushed back my sweaty bangs and reached underneath the makeshift bar for something really cold to quench my really hot thirst. A liquid nitrogen cloud fogging up my glasses I held my breath and grabbed two or three energy drinks out of the Styrofoam cooler, swarms of frantic humans buzzing above me, yelling above me—the entire gallery hive stinging me with a get-back-to-work glare as I quickly pushed myself back up on my stiletto heels and with my medicinal honey held really tight to my chest, abruptly decided to go on break. For my health’s sake . . . Now it definitely wasn’t easy, and it definitely wasn’t without its fair share of doubt and despair, but somehow, through it all—through the heartburn, the gag reflex, the near-death experience—somehow I definitely did manage to finish the first can of yellowgreen fuel in under thirty seconds!
Oh yes, I definitely did! With an extra-small fist pump I burped, burped twice then wiped my red painted lips on the back of my pincer. Not quite conscious yet, not quite back yet, I cracked open the second or third can and plunged my finger-hooks down into a jar of deep-fried espresso beans. I chugged and chewed. Chewed and chugged. Because I like definitely needed a boost after giving up two or three hours of my precious life to help the Palestinian caterers build the really full bar at the back of the gallery—the blue and white, Lego-brick bar equipped with all the very special machinery required for serving up mango with manna smoothies, peyote popsicles, Southern Appalachia moonshine milkshakes, Guinness and gelato floats, morphine sundaes—all drinks and ambrosial delicacies brought to you by the Lower East Side Initiative for Neighborhood Glee, the New York City Department of Cultural Fun, the National Foundation for Amusement, the International Endowment for R and R, the Universal Fund for Memorable Debauchery, plus a whole other long list of boneyard benefactors, Mafioso sponsors. Streams of yellowgreen fuel trickling down my powdered chin, down my dry-cleaned dress, I tilted my head all the way back and finished off my fuel, hoping against hope that the polar vortex still shrieking and shrieking outside wouldn’t like actually stop anyone from showing up tonight. Not that I thought it would. Not on a Thursday night in Manhattan. Not with the kind of holy celebs and devout socialites that had already RSVP’d and were definitely expected rain or shine or subzero Armageddon. I hiccupped. I hiccupped twice and crushed the empty can between my extra-small hands then slammed it down into the recycling bin and looked over to my left at the DJs who were busy setting up their laptops and turntables, their mixers and synthesizers—the Comfort Station looking like a futuristic cross between a crumbling aerospace museum (obsolete jumbo jets dangling from the rafters), a New Orleans necropolis with above-ground tombs and gothic headstones, an underground turbofolk venue in a sketchy neighborhood in Belgrade, and a presidential candidate’s election night headquarters—hundreds and hundreds of campaign zombies eating each other’s throats for a chance to get at that one policy aide position . . . I wiped my mouth and sighed. I like seriously couldn’t believe how satisfying it was to see everything come together after these last two or three months of ridiculously hard work. The whole thing felt like a quasi-finished jigsaw puzzle where all that was needed was that one final pièce de résistance and then everything would be like perfectly perfect and I could like totally relax and totally sleep. Forever. And ever . . . I pulled at the same knot of hair which I’d been trying to get rid of all week. I pulled really hard and thought that the whole thing might definitely be closer to an unstable Jenga tower. Any stupid rookie mistake and the heavy game would like definitely come crashing down on my little ol’ head . . . But either way the opening was like obviously the best part about working at a gallery. The superfun awesome part! I half skipped, half danced over to the floor-to-ceiling windows. Pressed my really sore forehead against the chilly glass and looked out. But what was I even looking at? A street, a city—a city under siege? I definitely didn’t know anymore. Did anyone? . . . I felt a jolt in my chest. Then another jolt right below my bellybutton. I smiled. Because things were like definitely getting fired up down there. Getting nice and ready for the bigger than big night . . . I licked the steam off the glass. Because I like definitely couldn’t wait to party. Because I like definitely couldn’t wait to get laid tonight . . .
“So did you submit your application?”
I flinched and whacked my forehead against the bastard glass. Ouch. Double ouch. But I definitely wasn’t about to turn around and face that tiger-striped top, or those tight leather pants. Definitely not. I just kept staring out into the six o’clock maelstrom. Out into the black blizzard and said, “Actually, Lola, I didn’t have time to finish my—”
“Well I submitted mine this morning. And Professor Amís said he just loved how my detective story worked out. He said it was obvious while at the same time being practically impossible to follow. Just like every good detective story should always be . . . Looks like I’m on my way to film school. Thank God. I’m sick of this job. Hopefully by this time next year I’ll be done with all this crap. I’ve already started sending out my résumé to a few production companies.”
I gagged. “What? I thought you liked working at the gallery.”
“Uh, no. No way. It sucks. But my parents won’t help me with my student loans unless I have a job. So it’s either this, or I go back home to DC and work at a coffeeshop or something . . . Don’t you have student loans to pay off?”
“I don’t know. My parents handle that kind of stuff.”
“Figures . . . Alright, enough chitchat. How many times do I have to tell you that Madame Banksy wants all this crap out of here before the guests start arriving? Come on, just take it to the basement or something. Just do it.” Lola paused. Lola poked me in the shoulder and whispered on my sweaty neck—“Hey, Zoe, I can’t wait to see your urban documentary. Hey, Zoe, I can’t wait to see how ridiculously famous you and your hobo sweetheart get . . . Hey, Zoe, I can’t wait to come visit you guys when you’re living happily ever after in Hollywood,” giggling and giggling, poking and poking, “happily ever after in the Hollywood shelter for the homeless!”
I squeezed my fists. I tried my very best not to break Lola’s face. “It’s not a fucking docu—”
“And while you’re in the basement, bring up a bolo tie for the artist. He said there should be some in his bag. He needs it to complete his outfit. And stop staring out the window. You’re freaking everybody out. It’s not normal. It’s not professional. And my name’s not Lola. It’s Delores. Don’t you ever listen?” 
I could hear bitchy blonde Lola walking away, walking away and wagging her anorexic ass at me. I closed my porcupine eyes. I breathed on the steam-scratched windowpane. I’d like totally forgotten that Lola was from DC. But now I definitely remembered that her parents were either part of the military-industrial complex, or were anti-climate change lobbyists for the energy sector. And I also remembered that bitchy blonde Lola had started off as a politics major before switching to cinema. Ugh, why hadn’t I switched? Why did I have to stick with stupid philosophy? . . . I peeled my forehead off the glass with a suctionlike skin-pop. I pushed my glasses up my twitching button nose, smoothed out all the wrinkles in my gallery geisha dress, and did my very best to smooth out all my thought-crinkles. Then I swiveled on my black stiletto heels and kneeled down on the floor, on the confetti. I wiggled my Hot Tamales fingernails underneath the stupid cardboard box which Madame Banksy had been bitching about all day. Shoulders tensed, quads flexed, I held my breath and pulled and pulled and pulled, my brand new tights totally ripping as I deadlifted the 50-pound box and staggered then stumbled through the gallery—gritting my tiny teeth as I bumped and bounced off all these annoying humans and their almost human art. Like seriously hating myself as I floundered and fumbled my way round and round the treelike tarp in the middle of the gallery. Because I mean how the hell was Lola able to finish and I wasn’t? And there was like seriously no way Professor Amís actually liked her stupid detective story or whatever. He was probably just being nice. I bet she definitely gave him head or something . . . Ugh, I really should have submitted something. Anything would have been better than nothing. I wonder if there’s still time. Maybe I can throw something together and send it off before the end of the night. Because if Lola did it . . . Like what’s so different about us anyway? Was she actually that much better than me? Was she actually that much better at life? . . . Teetering to a stop at the top of the stairs, I inched my left heel down the first step, and since I definitely couldn’t see anything over the cardboard box, I tried my very best to steady myself by leaning my extra-small hips into the handrail on my right. I bit my lower lip. I inched my right heel down the first step. I started to wobble. I slowly inched my left heel down the second step and thought about who would like talk at my funeral if I slipped and tumbled down these scary stairs. If I like totally landed on my dolled up face . . . I inched my right heel down the second step. I wobbled. I slowly inched my left heel down the third step and thought really hard about what would happen to the earth when the sun had like totally burned up its hydrogen core and half squeezed, half bloated itself up into a hungry red giant . . . I inched my right heel down the third step and slipped and tumbled and like totally landed on my dolled up face—the cardboard box rolling then bursting two or three steps ahead of me. Puking its sharper than sharp guts all over the basement floor . . . Ouch. Double ouch. I slowly pushed myself up to my knees. Slowly touched my lower lip and—AH! It was like totally bleeding! Great. Just great. My really expensive lipstick ruined beyond repair I cried and crawled round and round the basement office, picking up all the butterfly knives, the machetes, the AK-47s and the loaded M16 assault rifles which were supposed to have been part of a live-action installation on how easily Americans could be seduced into performing a little of the old ultraviolence, but because of some stupid safety regulation or whatever, were definitely not going to be handed out to the audience tonight. Too bad. Because I mean that would have definitely been something worth seeing . . . After locking up all the rejected props in a storage cabinet I slumped down at my sticky note-cluttered desk and reached for a lavender tissue, mopping up all the warmer than warm squirts of blood, my blood, while I waited for my ultrathin laptop to turn on . . . I started clicking through the little bit of useable footage I actually had. Because I figured if I just made some quick edits here and there, if I just cut and pasted this with that or whatever, I could like definitely submit something—anything!—before the midnight deadline. Because I seriously didn’t care anymore if my rom-com was a record-breaking blockbuster hit or not. I like didn’t even care if it was the worst film school application ever submitted by a twentysomething college graduate. I just wanted to send the stupid fucking thing off so that I could tell bitchy blonde Lola to go poke herself in her bulimic cunt and leave me the fuck alone! I mean, was that like too much to ask or what? . . . I reached into my tote bag and grabbed the bottle of helpful Provigil, grabbed the bottle of always reliable Adderall, and because I definitely didn’t have time to wait for my core to absorb the chemicals or whatever, used my trusty ol’ smartphone to carefully crush two or three tablets of each. Then I carefully rolled up a five-dollar bill, and carefully, carefully snorted the first pinkwhite line into my supersmart brain . . .
Blinking back the burn, rubbing my button nose, rubbing hard, real hard, I sucked on a deliciously hard Jolly Rancher and read through the neon-pink note Precious had slipped into my tote bag this morning. Apparently she was freaking out because our landlord wouldn’t stop calling and calling because someone hadn’t paid this month’s rent and someone hadn’t paid the utilities and now she was going to have to dip into her savings so that they wouldn’t shut off the power and the—AH! SHIT! FUCK SHIT FUCK! I bit my bloody lip, snorted another pinkwhite line into my supersmart brain, and was like right about to text Precious how ridiculously sorry I was when I realized I had an unheard voicemail from—Oh, my, God. That bitch. That total fucking bitch. From Miss Sophie Strudel . . . I squeezed the smartphone up to my ear, licked the yummy pixie dust off my thumb, waited for the message to play . . . First off, Sophie just wanted me to know how deeply, deeply sorry she was for not being able to help me out on my application last week. She’d just been way too busy auditioning for a new reality TV show (by the way, they called her back for the next round of casting!), and so she just hadn’t had time for any distractions or any former friends. But she promised me it wasn’t personal. No, this was strictly about her acting career. Strictly about her childhood dreams. Strictly about her, her, her . . . But she wanted to make it up to me. Tonight. When she stopped by the Comfort Station with her parents and brother and a new friend from work. (She almost invited you-know-who, but then she thought it might be a little bit too upsetting for me.) Anyway, she’d be more than willing to help me out tonight in any way she possibly could. Hugs and kisses and don’t you forget I’m still fucking your ex! Ugh, I definitely didn’t know whether to be angry or grateful. Because I mean I like totally got it that Sophie and her family had to at least make an appearance at the opening tonight because her dad’s real estate company owned the building and like always helped out with the fundraising or whatever. Sure, okay, fine. I totally got it. But did she have to bring a friend along too? Why was she always bringing friends along? Why couldn’t she do anything by herself! I mean why was she always rubbing it in my face that even after college—where she definitely hadn’t gone anywhere without her theatre groupies, her Shakespearian bodyguards, her Tennessee Williams entourage—that even now, in the realer than real world or whatever, she was like still way more popular, still had way more friends, and was like still way more significant to society than I would ever, ever be . . . 
I snorted the second or third pinkwhite line into my supersmart brain. 
Alright, well, if Sophie wanted to help me out then she definitely could, and if not, then she could like definitely stick her stupid TV show up her talentless, her backstabbing, her—something was vibrating. I lifted my heavy head. I pushed my broken glasses up my powdered nose. Um, what the fuck? The ceiling was like totally twitching, the ugly florescent lights flashing on and off, on and off, the basement floor lurching then seesawing, pens and pencils spinning off desks, filing cabinets tipping over and smashing against each other, paper planes zipping back and forth, back and forth, folders flying, sirens wailing, exhibition catalogues tumbling off shelves, ceiling fragments bombarding my ultrathin laptop and totally forcing me to take cover! take cover! AH! Armadillo eyes blinking through the debris, rainbow sparks showering down and singeing my bangs, I curled up in a ball underneath my fire resistant desk and squeezed my smartphone tight to my chest. Because it seriously felt like V-2 rockets or massive spaceships were blasting off right above me. For a horribly horrible second I even thought the entire building might collapse and cave in and like totally bury me and my Hollywood future forever and ever and ever! But just when I was about to call 911, just when I was about to call my parents and ask them if they had anything they wanted me to tell our brutally butchered Polish ancestors, the earthquake stopped . . .
I could hear one of the DJ’s talking over the 20,000-watt PA system. Thinking they must have definitely just been sound checking or whatever I crawled out from underneath my desk, snorted another line of chemical assistance straight into my supersmart brain, then looked round and round the very messy basement office for anything remotely resembling a DSLR camera or a professional HD camcorder . . . But no. Nothing. I rubbed my nose. I rubbed my nose till I sneezed on an idea—a superbrilliant idea! Because maybe I could like just use my trusty ol’ smartphone! I mean it definitely did have a high-resolution image sensor or whatever. So maybe I could be an innovator. Maybe I could like definitely be the next supercute thing in cinema! Because if bitchy blonde Lola did it, then I definitely could too! Yes we can! Yes we can! Alright, alright, alright. Calm down, Zoe, calm down! Focus focus! Just get everything ready for when they get here. Then we can worry about the technical details. Then we can worry about getting ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich!
Someone upstairs was calling my name. “Zoe? Zoe! What the hell are you doing down there? Madame Banksy wants you up here working the front door—now! And don’t forget that bolo tie!”
I rubbed my nose and shouted back—“Coming!” 
A sinister smile on my face I quickly crushed then snorted one more tasty tablet. One more tasty tablet of each, obviously. Then I jumped to my heels, wiped the pixie dust off my mascara-thick eyelashes and licked the blood off my lips. Oh boy, oh jeez, my human heart was like totally banging up against my rabbit ribcage, my palms sweaty with excitement, blurry blobs popping up behind my glasses. I squeezed my smartphone, tried my very best to slow down my breathing so that I definitely wouldn’t pass out and die and decompose down here without anybody knowing or caring or nothing! Even though if I was like actually honest with myself this delicious shiver tickling up and down my spine was like definitely definitely making me hornier than horny. Oh yes, it definitely was! Somehow fighting the urge to shove two or three fingers up my dress I giggled over to the only “bag” I could find in the basement. But like all I could see inside the kid-sized knapsack was a white wetsuit, a white scuba mask, and a pair of white flippers. I screamed at the top of my adorable little lungs while digging and digging with my feverish fingers until I found the stash of bolo ties. Time definitely running out I snatched one up at random—the one with a sterling silver skull with emeralds for eyes. The floor and ceiling totally shaking again, another ballistic missile launching overhead, I braced myself for any destiny-crushing boulders as I wobble-wobbled my stilettos up the scary stairs, half panting, half laughing, my trusty ol’ smartphone in one hand, death’s head in the other, my boosted brain suddenly letting go of the handrails and pole vaulting my superlong legs up into the gallery—up into the pa-pa-party! And I could like already hear the first really fun explosions echoing behind me, way behind me as I sailed off to meet and greet the stars, all the stars of my really big night!
Been Up So Long Looks Like Down To Me
Even though he definitely might not be looking his very best these storm-weary days—oh boy, oh jeez, this December sure has done quite the number on him—and even though his scruffy muzzle is most definitely looking black and blue—looking almost, I would definitely say, like a deli-style slice of urban roadkill—Giacomo’s walnut nose broken and bandaged with two or three teeny-weeny strips of electrical tape, angry purple sickles curling up underneath his grizzly eyes, coffee-drizzled lumps of bloody snot knitting his weeklong beard into a fuzzy quilt of cruddy crud. Oh yes, even though you would probably definitely maybe say he looks like shit, like droopy dog shit, our favorite superhero doesn’t give one flying fuck.
Doesn’t give one flying fuck about the strands of orange goo sticking to his shaggy hair, to his army-green sweater. Doesn’t give one flying fuck about the pus-rimmed volcano erupting every two or three minutes all over his bulging bronze forehead. Doesn’t even give one flying fuck about not remembering where in the fuck he left his neon-pink messenger bag. And why-oh-why doesn’t he give one flying fuck? Well, that’s obvious. That’s like totally obvious! He doesn’t give one flying fuck because he’s like never ever felt so fucking good in all of his fucking life! That’s why. He doesn’t give one flying fuck because he’s done it. Like actually done it! He’s finished that ridiculously complicated algorithm! He’s outlasted that truelove migraine! And wait, hold on, Giacomo Jones has a girlfriend too? A California girlfriend? Oh boy, oh jeez, someone please poke-a-poke our favorite superhero . . .
Grinning to himself because it definitely doesn’t get any fucking better than this—not in this life, not on this planet—Giacomo Jones claps his superhairy paws, claps twice and adds the final coat of semicorporate sugar to his PowerPoint trophy. Times New Roman font, crossfade transitions, triumphant soundtrack. His life-or-death monologue memorized Giacomo clicks print, clicks twice then heaves himself out of the four flashing screens and rips off his fighter pilot headset (strictly 80’s and 90’s hip hop). Bouncing off his baby blue exercise ball with a roaring fist pump Giacomo charges down the aisle but sure as fuck doesn’t stop at the water cooler or at the flatscreen TV. Nope, not this time. This time he doesn’t give one flying fuck about the strength of the prosecution’s case in the Central Park murder trial. Doesn’t even give one flying fuck if the streaming subtitles match Big Brother’s lemon lips or not. This time Giacomo Jones charges straight past the miniature Christmas tree, straight past the bathroom, straight past the tanning salon and straight into the all-purpose game room, where he straightaway yanks open the refrigerator, grabs a bottle of Moet & Chandon Champagne, grabs a butcher knife, and just like he used to do as a very intimidating waiter at a West Loop steakhouse, slices the bottle’s neck straight off . . . Deliciously drenched in golden effervescence, Giacomo Jones then picks up a mason jar of skin-softening bath salts, takes an extra-large gulp from the neckless bottle, charges to the back of the game room, charges up a wooden deck—and bellyflops into the Jacuzzi. Because he’s in the fucking mood for a bubbly massage . . .
Feeling like a twentysomething Scarface, looking like a twentysomething Scarface, Giacomo Jones leans back against the soothing jets, his lower back like way more than grateful for the special attention after all those weeks, those months, those totally cramped years—at a South Side school, at college, at Google. Wishing he had a Cuban cigar or a hookah or something our favorite superhero closes his hippopotamus eyes and sinks down deep into the swirling foam, groaning with delight as the therapeutic bath salts gently unclog his swollen pores. As they temporarily ease the tension out of his bloated soul . . .
A few exfoliating minutes later, in his trademark silver sweatpants, in his silver hoodie, pouty-lipped Peter Winnerbilt flaunts his way into the game room with an autographed basketball spinning on his fingertip (Boston Celtics, 1985-86). A blasé smirk on his all-American face Peter palms the basketball and hooks a shot behind his back without even looking or stopping or nothing—the ball swooshing through the net over the door as Peter flaunts his way over to the Jacuzzi, each step of his really relaxed, really melancholic stride like totally revealing the jaded aristocrat Peter obviously is and will always be . . . Taking a courtside seat on the wooden deck, Peter rolls his sweatpants up past his New England shins, casually lowers his five-hundred-dollar flip-flops into the multiplying bubbles.
“Don’t leave your boy hanging. Is it done or what?” Peter smirking and reparting his shiny silver hair. Giacomo sinks deeper into the swirling foam. “That’s right. It’s fucking done.”
“Fantastic!” Peter slapping his knee and reaching into his sweatpants for a vial of pure Columbian cocaine. “I always knew you were a genius. Didn’t doubt you for a second. Not for one second.”
Peter dips his pinky finger into the vial, snorts up a life-enhancing bump, then tap-a-taps a line out beside him on the deck. Lifting himself off the jets Giacomo doggy paddles over and vacuums the really thick line up his broken walnut nose. With a puppy’s euphoric whimper our favorite superhero falls back on his bed of bubbles.
Peter dips his pinky finger back into the vial. “How’s that nose feeling?” snorting another bump. “What was it—a bar fight?”
“Fuck no. I fell off a fucking chair.”
“A chair? You fell off a chair?” A disbelieving pout disfiguring his thirtysomething face Peter slowly scratches his cleft chin, then shakes his head and reparts his shiny silver hair. “No, that’s not going to work. We’re going to have to tell them something else. Let’s stick to bar fight. They’ll like that. You were in a bar fight—and you won. And if they think you look bad, then wait till they get a look at the other guy. At the other five guys.”
Giacomo sneezes. Sneezes twice. “What time does the motherfucking plane leave?”
“Nine in the morning. We should be getting in around eleven, their time. The hotel is—”
While the cofounders talk about the five-star amenities, about the room service and the on-demand escorts, Sophie Strudel glides into the game room and reaches into the freezer for a bottle of tequila. She grabs two or three shot glasses, then glides over to the hot tub.
“I’m guessing it’s done?” Sophie smiling a Helen of Troy kind of smile.
Arms stretched out on either side Giacomo grins and kicks his Chucks in and out of the sprawling bubbles. “That’s right. It’s fucking done.”
With an apple crisp laugh Sophie hands out the shot glasses, carefully pours out the premium poison. “Congratulations. I can’t believe you finished it . . .” raising her shot glass. “To Beloved Entropy.”
Peter smirks, raises his glass. “To Beloved Entropy.”
“Fuck the fuck yea!”
The coworkers raise their glasses really high, then tilt their heads back and swallow.
Wiping the sparkles off her lips, beads of tequila winking their way down her plaid blouse, Sophie takes a totally exaggerated breath before talking.
“Okay, so I know this might not be the best time to tell you guys. But I just want to be upfront about the whole thing . . . I think you both already know I was a theatre major in college. And, well, I just found out that I’ve been invited back for the final round of casting for this new TV show. I’ll be auditioning again this weekend. While you guys are on your trip . . .”
Giacomo and Peter look at each other. 
Up to his sweater in bubbles, Giacomo grins. “That’s fucking great. Congrats.”
Peter nods and grabs the tequila, then pours out another round of shots. “I agree. That’s fantastic. And you don’t have anything to worry about. You’ve done an amazing job getting the website up and running. So whatever happens, Beloved Entropy supports you. Fully supports you.” Peter raises his shot glass. “To your future acting career.”
 Sophie blushes. “You know they haven’t given me the part yet.”
“Oh they will. I’ve never had any doubts about you. Not for one second.”
Sophie smiles. The coworkers raise their glasses really high, then tilt their heads back and swallow.
Suddenly, with ginger nuts on his double chin, Ian the Intern levitates into the game room. 
Peter immediately turns and shouts—“Stop right there! What do you think you’re doing? Why aren’t you at your desk? Who do you think you are? What is this?”
The nonentity tries to speak. “Sorry, sir, but your fiancé is downstairs waiting for you to take her to dinner. And that other friend of yours keeps calling and wanting to talk to you.”
“Goddamnit! How many times do I have to tell you she’s not my friend!” Peter dips his pinky finger into the vial, snorts up another life-enhancing bump. “Okay, okay, I’ll be right there. Now get out of here, you Alaskan toad. You Alaskan cockroach. You Alaskan halfwit!”
The nonentity disappears . . . 
“Alright,” Peter reparting his shiny silver hair and tossing Giacomo the vial. “I’ll see you at the airport tomorrow. Don’t celebrate too hard. We have a big weekend ahead of us.”
Giacomo smiling a sinister smile as Peter slowly lifts his flip-flops and casually flaunts his way out of the game room.
Biting her lip Sophie looks down at Giacomo drifting round and round the hot tub with his Chuck Taylors poking up through the bubbles—his army-green sweater and London-gray slacks bellying out across the swirling foam like the pelts of some business casual rubber ducky. Sophie laughs. “Is that what you’re wearing tonight?”
Giacomo looks down at himself, grins. “Eh, fuck no, this ain’t my fucking style. But I’ll fucking find something. Don’t you fucking worry.”
Sophie leans over the swirling foam and fastens a lavender collar round and round our favorite superhero’s neck. “Oh I’m not worried,” kissing him on his scruffy cheek and squeezing. “But it’s a quarter to seven now. Why don’t I go get ready and meet you downstairs in like twenty minutes? I told my parents we’d be there by eight.”
“Sounds fucking good,” Giacomo nodding and tap-a-taping out another really thick line of pure Colombian cocaine as Sophie glides out of the game room. 
Up to his superhairy neck in bubbles, up to his superhairy neck in yummy-yummy chemicals, Giacomo Jones vacuums the really thick line off the wooden deck, chugs the rest of his champagne while scrambling up out of the hot tub, then tugs off his soggy Chucks, rips off his star-spangled merino wool socks, somersaults over to the refrigerator, grabs another champagne bottle, grabs the butcher knife, and twirls out of the game room like a Tasmanian devil on a bender. Leaving nothing but a trail of superhairy puddles . . .
Soaking wet and coughing, a sinister smile on his bandaged muzzle, Giacomo Jones charges across the fortysomethingth floor—singing, roaring, singing his way through the endless rows of empty desks, vacant cubicles. Celebration on his mind, a formal introduction on his lips, our favorite superhero charges all the way over to where the Anti-Aging Angels reside. But what Giacomo sees as he slides left and comes charging up the last aisle is like definitely not, I repeat, is like definitely not to his liking or to his Midwestern conception of what makes a positive work environment. Definitely not.
Giacomo skids to a stop and growls.
Giggling and listening to Justin Bieber, snapping selfies and sharing risqué pics of each other, six tweens—three slender nymphets and three flirty faunlets—turn and stare at this wetter than wet Godzilla standing before them with a champagne bottle and a butcher knife. The tweens gasp. The tweens start snapping pictures of our favorite superhero. 
“No!” Giacomo growling and holding out the champagne bottle. “Watch.”
A sheepish look on their downy faces, smartphones tucked away in their laps, tucked away but secretly recording every little thing east of Eden, the tweens suck on their thumbs as Giacomo lifts the really sharp knife and slices the bottle’s neck right off, dousing the tweens in a podium-style golden shower.
“Ey?” Giacomo grinning at his handiwork. “Ey!”
Calmly wiping themselves dry the tweens yawn and turn up their Justin Bieber. They go back to snapping risqué pictures of each other.
A disgusted scowl darkens our favorite superhero’s face. “Motherfuckers,” he growls, then throws the really sharp knife down into the carpet and turns on his extra-large feet, charging back across the fortysomethingth floor—swearing, roaring, swearing his way though the endless rows of empty desks, vacant cubicles. Because if Giacomo Jones ever has any kids like that, any kids as disrespectful as that, as disgusting as that, he swears he’ll send them off to a military boarding school and never ever speak to them again. On fucking principle . . .
Giacomo skids to a stop underneath the flatscreen TV, and with obviously only one thing left to do before it’s time to head out into the black blizzard, charges over to the floor-to-ceiling windows. Huffing and puffing, his bulging bronze forehead pressed up against the glass, our favorite superhero takes one last look at the Island Kingdom. At the apartment lights, the office lights, the bar lights. At all these credit-seeking fireflies dancing in and out of a totally synthetic dream-catching abyss . . . Because that’s what he sees out there. But what we wanna know is what our favorite superhero is thinking, standing way up here, on the fortysomethingth floor of the One World Trade Center. Is he thinking that he’s made it? That now, as one of the twentysomething cofounders of a soon-to-be very successful tech startup, he’ll never have to worry about something as revoltingly vulgar as money again. Because there’s really no doubt—what with his massive genius, what with a partner like Peter Winnerbilt—that Beloved Entropy will be profitable, will go public, and will set Giacomo Jones up for life . . . So is that what he’s thinking? That now that he has a really sweet, really smart girlfriend with greengold lamb eyes, a California girlfriend with a real estate tycoon for a dad, he can settle down and start his own interracial family in an Upper West Side brownstone or a Park Slope co-op. In the type of cozy home that his brothers and baby sis would have fucking liked to sleep over at. That he can now start fucking building the kind of straight-edged life that would have made his mom and pops proud. Is that what he’s thinking? Is he thinking that he’s made it, that it’s done—all of it? All the struggles that started the morning he was born into that South Side bloodbath. All the struggles that followed him to college and took his family away from him. All the struggles that sniffed him out the day he moved to New York and hounded him for two or three years. All the struggles that just can’t stop won’t stop trying to drag him under. To eradicate him and his exiled kind. Is he thinking that he’s the Chicago-born king of the Island Kingdom, come to reclaim his fucking throne? Is that what he’s thinking? . . . Maybe. Maybe he like definitely is thinking something along those heavy fucking lines. Or maybe he’s like definitely not thinking. Not now. Not this time. Because maybe this time he’s already grinning and charging back to his desk—Giacomo diving and bouncing onto his baby blue exercise ball, bouncing and tap-a-taping another really thick line out on top of his favorite comic strips (The Boondocks, Krazy Kat, The Far Side), the four screens flashing above his shaggy head as he bends over and vacuums the line up his bandaged nose, his totally cracked smartphone vibrating on his ergonomic keyboard, vibrating with a new text message. I’m downstairs. Ready when you are. Rubbing his broken walnut nose Giacomo sneezes, sneezes twice and remembers that he fucking needs to find something dry to wear. He swivels his shaggy head from side to side, side to side then stops mid swivel and smiles a sinister smile. Because for the first time in like two or three months, our favorite superhero like actually notices what the overweight, wannabe moose hunter is wearing, and oh boy, oh jeez, does Giacomo Jones like what he sees or what! The camo cargo pants, the black combat boots. Because that’s more like it. Because that’s his new fucking style . . .
While our favorite superhero orders Ian the Intern to strip and, like just for the fun of it, get down and give him fifty, another text message vibrates his smartphone. Hurry! The show’s about to start!
Chapter Nine
“Out of my way!” spinning my superlong legs over the Lego-brick bar and shoving aside the chinless waiter who just stood there and batted his curly-girly eyelashes at me as I reached underneath and grabbed another energy drink out of the Styrofoam cooler. I turned on my heels, I snatched a bottle of Polish vodka down from the top shelf, scooped up an ecofriendly plastic cup then made myself a yellowgreenclear concoction. Because I like seriously needed the energy. Because where the hell were they—chugging and chugging—I mean didn’t they realize I was on a deadline? Didn’t they realize how ridiculously important tonight was for my career, for my reputation? Didn’t they realize my future happiness was like actually and totally at stake here? Didn’t they realize we definitely needed to get this show on the road because I obviously wasn’t getting any younger and this was like my one and only chance at a perfectly perfect life!
AH! I hiccupped and wiped my mouth. I pulled up my tights, my ripped tights, and swiveled my honey badger eyes over the dubstep-stomping crowd—back and forth, back and forth—hoping against hope that maybe, just maybe, they would give me a really pleasant surprise by slipping in through the back or something . . . But no. Nothing. I sighed, I chugged, I thought about how at least the Comfort Station was looking just like what I figured a kibbutz-style strip club in Tel Aviv would definitely look like at the end of days—baba ghanoush-greased IDF soldiers and hummus-smeared astrophysicists stretching their groins inside a temple of dangling dance cages—getting limber, getting ready—while the nine-year-old caterers, Palestinian orphans, put on their psychedelic tie-dye suits and their ten-gallon cowboy hats, each hat stacked high with lobster kebabs, with falafel waffles, with IED chewing gum. I burped and finished my fuel, then flung a quick nervous glance out the shivering windows.
Outside, in the hard knock night, the traffic lights were still being throttled this way and that by the Katrina-force winds, by the Sodom and Gomorrah hail raining down and battering the red carpet canopy set up for the taxis and SUV limos, for the helicopters and private jets, for the amphibious assault vans and hovercraft yachts, for the cross-country motorcycles and purebred horses, for the war elephants . . . But why the fuck weren’t they here yet? I jumped up on top of the makeshift bar, wobbled in my stiletto heels as I tried my very best to see over the wicker man effigies, over the private security contractors. I squinted and watched each hired Cyclops making a really big deal about frisking and strip-searching the giggling guests. On the look out for any ugly gatecrashers, any bomb-strapped solicitors, any smelly poor people. I squinted harder but I couldn’t see a thing over the bulletproof vests and automatic shotguns, over the aviator monocles and the temporary detention centers . . . Sighing, hiccupping, sighing I bellyflopped off the slippery counter and splashed my way over to the action . . . Out of breath, out of wiggle room I crisscrossed my superthin arms and leaned back against the flashing photo booth. I leaned back and watched the glamorous guests filter in through the metal detector . . . There were teenage girls in mink saris, teenage boys in pearl-studded togas. There were bearded men in latex unitards, pregnant women in chainmail corsets. There were grandpas in ballroom dresses, grannies in dollar-quilted burkas. And of course there were the twentysomethings. In all their successful skin colors. In all their Mardi Gras costumes. Each twentysomething smiling and glistening with Gatsby-like splendor, with golden ratio beauty. Each twentysomething twirling into the flashing photo booth and posting their winning status all over their viral kingdoms. All I could do was lean back and watch and hiss. Because when was it going to be my turn? When was I going to get my shot? How much more time did I have to wait for my kingdom? How much more time time—time! Sucking on my thumb I splashed my way back over to the Lego-brick bar and this time told the wimpy bartender that he better make me a gin gimlet or else I’d like definitely make sure his neutered ass got totally fired and got totally fired right now! “And make it ridiculously strong and ridiculously good!” The chinless bartender nodding, crying, making me my favorite drinky. That’s right, I hissed, picking at my Red Hot fingernails and frantically watching the front door swing open, swing shut. Waiting for them to swing right on through. Waiting for them to swing right on through. Waiting for . . . I licked the blood off my lips. I sipped on my favorite drinky and wiped the pinkyellow snow off my oily button nose . . . The paintings, the lithographs. The silkscreens, the sculptures. The Art that just wouldn’t ever stop buzzing on the walls . . . That just wouldn’t ever stop buzzing. That just wouldn’t ever stop . . . The speakers let fire another round of floor-rattling bass. A million droplets trickled all over my supersore, superstressed out forehead. I hissed and raised my wolverine eyes. I squinted at the two or three fault lines running parallel to each other across the leaky ceiling. I squinted harder because I could like definitely see one more deeper than deep gash splitting off course at a deliciously sharp angle. I squinted even harder but no. Nothing. I couldn’t see inside any of the cracks . . . I hiccupped and took another swig. Then another. Then another . . .
“Take it easy there. We’re still at work, remember,” bitchy blonde Lola grinning and wedging her anorexic legs up beside me at the makeshift bar. I squeezed my fists. I clenched my supercute jaw and was right about to tell her that she better mind her own bulimic business before I—when Lola giggled and said, “I’m just messing with you. Lighten up. You’re always taking things way too personally. Here, let me try that,” holding out a veiny blonde hand.
I frowned, reluctantly passed her my drinky.
Lola took a small sip, her bitchy blonde face twisting in disgust. “Whoa,” handing me back my drinky. “You better be careful with that . . . What happened to your lip?”
“Nothing, I slipped.”
The bitchy gap between Lola’s wide-set granite eyes widened even further, but at least she didn’t say anything, and so even though I knew she was like totally judging me, I took another extra-large gulp from my drinky—like just for her. A trillion tears blurring my lightening-scratched viewfinders as I tried my very best not to gag or choke or die . . . Neither of us said anything. We just stood and watched the pageant of glittering humans sail into the gallery, the exhibition space quickly filling up to constipated capacity . . . I blinked. I blinked twice. Oh boy, oh jeez, I was like definitely feeling it now. (Which meant I totally wanted to talk and I totally didn’t care if bitchy blonde Lola wanted to talk or not.) 
“So do you wanna be like them or what?” rocking back and forth, back and forth on my black stilettos.
“Like who?”
I waved my hand at a pair of miniskirt-sharing Siamese twins. Fused together at the hips, zipped up in Gucci bomber jackets, the conjoined runway models were giggling and dancing the Macarena underneath one of the kerosene-dripping scarecrows.
“Like all of them. You know, like ridiculously interesting or whatever.”
Lola shrugged. “I guess so. But most of them aren’t that interesting. They just act like they are.”
“Okay,” slurring and sipping, sipping and slurring, “whatever . . . Then why do you wanna be a director?”
“Uh-oh, looks like someone’s feeling a little lonely tonight,” Lola grinning and poking me in the shoulder.
I started to raise my fists.
Lola laughed. “Relax, I’m just teasing . . . I don’t know. I’ve never wanted to be anything else. I’ve been making movies since middle school. It’s just that I had to wait for my sister to get into law school before I could get my parents to stop bugging me about the whole politics thing. Why? Haven’t you always wanted to be a ridiculously famous director?”
I pulled at that same really annoying knot of frizzy hair. “No, definitely not. I like hadn’t even thought about applying to film school until,” shaking that bastard out of my head. “I wanted to be a fashion designer in middle school. But in high school I thought it was a given that I was going to be the lead singer in a hardcore punk band. And in college I told people that I wanted to spend the rest of my life as a supercute philosophy professor. Except I don’t have the brainpower for it. For any of it. I’m like just not smart enough for life . . .”
Lola turned and stared at me. “You’re an only child, aren’t you?”
“Yea.”
“I thought so. You fit all the stereotypes.”
I blushed. “What the hell is that supposed to be mean!” totally raising my voice, totally squeezing my drinky.
Lola laughed. “Nothing, nothing. Just teasing. Relax . . .” 
I took another extra-large gulp. “Sophie should be here soon.”
“Oh yea? That makes sense. I saw her dad’s name on the invite. I haven’t seen her all year. Isn’t she with that older guy now?” Lola grinning, Lola getting ready to poke, “The one you were seeing on and off?”
“Lola, I’m not in the fucking mood.”
“Sorry,” putting away her finger . . . 
Someone was turning the ugly florescent lights on and off, on and off. Bells and whistles rippled through the gallery. 
Lola pulled a bitchy blonde hair off her cheetah print top. “Alright, I’m going up to the front. You stay back here and make sure nobody does anything stupid. I already saw some wasted assholes messing with one of the installations.” 
I nodded but I definitely didn’t say anything. I just titled my hiccupping head all the way back and finished off my favorite drinky, swallowing gin and lime and a little bit of greenblack bile as all the guests, like flamboyant gnats, like mindless moths, started to gravitate toward the center of the gallery. Forming a swaying semicircle at the base of the bulky tarp . . . The music cut off. Sporting jockstraps and football pads, the almost-naked DJs stepped away from their laptops, huge headphones held up to one ear, half-sucked lollipops on their tongues. Kneeling down in their cages the go-go dancers squirmed their sticky hands out through the tahini-oiled bars, hoping to snag a fingerful of methamphetamine-seasoned caviar off the hat of a passing Palestinian . . . Chewing on an ice cube I whispered into the wimpy bartender’s ear that he like better make me another gin gimlet before I slapped his bastard face in and made him call me mommy. The bartender flinched, cried, then made me my favorite drinky while I took my smartphone out and jumped back on top of the Lego-brick bar for a way better shot . . . I licked a crusty flake off my lower lip. I zoomed in on Madame Banksy and watched her surf her way though the rolling crowd in a pressurized spacesuit, a translucent microphone held high between a pair of bluegold boxing gloves . . . After fist-pounding the VIPs posted up at the front of the mosh pit the helmeted astronaut slowly, slowly climbed up a collapsible step stool and waved to the cheering crowd, the tarp looming over the gallery like a weeping willow tree. I blinked. I blinked twice. Because I could like definitely feel something buzzing and buzzing in my extra-small core—like right below my bellybutton. The ugly florescent lights dimmed to black. Red spotlights swiveled down from the leaky ceiling and threw the astronaut’s lumpy shadow up over the teardrop branches. My heels wobble-wobbled on the slippery counter. I zoomed in all the way and started to record . . . Where were they? I mean they should like definitely be here by now. Didn’t they realize I had to send this thing off before the end of the night? Didn’t they realize who they were dealing with? Didn’t they realize this was like my one-way ticket out of this totally boring mediocrity! The curator tapped her microphone, tapped twice, then lifted her mirrorlike visor and smiled at all the clapping faces. “Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Let me just—”
Stars Are Shaking
“Let me just start off by thanking each and every one of you for making it out tonight. I know it’s not exactly ideal weather for showing off those fabulous wigs, those delightful loincloths. But I promise, we’re going to have so much fun tonight that you’re not even going to remember why everyone out there was making such a big fuss about perfect storms and severe weather patterns.”
The astronaut-curator bends down and punches one of the really sweaty, really beautiful guests trying to climb up the collapsible step stool. “Now since most of you here tonight haven’t had the privilege of experiencing Federico’s work before, I’m sure there must be a lot of questions. I’ve already heard quite a few raunchy screams from those of you dying to know exactly where in the world Federico comes from. And I’ve also been informed that the Zapatista Army of National Liberation, joining us via live webcast, would like to know more about who Federico’s greatest influences are, what style or movement he belongs to, where he buys his air tanks. Unfortunately all I know, all we know, is that Federico Blanco Sanchez-Llanos is a moment in—“ Madame Banksy taps the translucent microphone against her helmet. “Sorry, I’m getting some feedback. Can you hear me in the back? . . . Good. As I was saying, Federico Blanco Sanchez-Llanos is a moment in history. Federico Blanco Sanchez-Llanos is an unrepeatable happening in American time. Federico Blanco Sanchez-Llanos is solidarity. Transfigured flesh and fire. Utopia realized and made visible. Federico Blanco Sanchez-Llanos is the past, the present, the future of scuba diving as we know it.” The astronaut-curator points a bluegold boxing glove at one of the guests. “You there, in the antiquated man thong, in the conservative fedora, please stop murmuring. Stop trying to discredit what you can’t possibly understand. You’ll have the pleasure of diving with Federico soon enough.” Madame Banksy taps the translucent microphone against her helmet. “But before all the fun starts, could everyone please join me in giving our sponsors a big round of applause. Without their generous support enchanting nights like these would never be possible.” The astronaut-curator points a bluegold boxing glove at two or three guests standing at the front of the swaying semicircle. “I’d especially like to thank the Strudels. Whose unfaltering commitment to the Comfort Station after all these years has been a personal source of comfort, and an inspiration to us all.” Madame Banksy bends down and punches another really sweaty, really beautiful guest trying to climb up the collapsible step stool. “Now if any of you wanna take one of Federico’s deep-sea discoveries home with you tonight, don’t hesitate to talk to one of my lovely assistants. And if for some reason you don’t get a chance to put in a request in person tonight, you can always use our smartphone app to place as many orders as your fingers can tap.” The front door swings open, a black breeze rushes through the gallery, the weeping willow tarp shudders and weeps. “Oh by the way, I highly recommend that each of you here tonight consider investing in at least one of Federico’s finds. We’ve already received purchasing orders from the MOMA and the Metropolitan Museum of Art. From the Louvre and the Guggenheim in Bilbao. From the Tate Modern. And since all the critics agree with our assessment that Federico’s work will appreciate by at least a thousand percent in the next two or three years, it is without any qualifications or misgivings that I stand before your beautiful faces tonight and say—this really is the time to buy.” The astronaut-curator points a bluegold glove at the jockstrap-scratching, lollipop-sucking DJs. “Over to my left, the Pubescent Ponies have just made it in from JFK after hosting what I heard was a marvelous dance party in Munich. Let’s see if they can’t get your booties twerking too!” Madam Banksy nods to the Palestinian orphans, who then pick up the heavy ropes attached to the top of the treelike tarp. “Now without further ado, let me present to you the debut art show of the world’s most wondrous scuba diver! Let me give you magic!” The astronaut-curator points a bluegold boxing glove at the very leaky ceiling. The astronaut-curator yells—“Open Sesame!” and with a tiny but mighty tug the miniature cowboys tug the tarp right off a twentysomething-foot tall albatross, its angry metal frame and outstretched wings built out of shattered smartphones, out of broken laptops. The audience gasps as the scarecrow effigies burst into flame. As the speakers let fire a round of floor-rattling bass. 
Pulling Giacomo by his superhairy paw Sophie smiles a path through the claps, the hollers, the euphoric swoons and ecstatic seizures. Sophie pulling Giacomo all the way up to the front of the swaying semicircle.
“There they are. Come on,” waving, shouting—“Mom! Dad!” While Sophie Strudel then hugs her parents, her Down syndrome delayed younger brother, our favorite superhero grabs a mouthful of raw oysters off the hat of a passing orphan. He slurps up the aphrodisiac slime and leans back against one of the dangling dance cages. He brushes a baba ghanoush hand off his shoulder, dips his pinky finger into Peter’s vial and snorts up a life-elevating bump. But before he can snort up another Sophie pulls him by his jean jacket and says, “Dad, this is Giacomo Jones. My boss.”
A Sherlock Holmes pipe in his serious mouth, a tweed blazer on his rugby torso, Mr. Strudel nods and holds out a polo player’s firm hand.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Jones.”
Our favorite superhero licks his pinky finger and carefully, carefully puts away the vial. He grabs Mr. Strudel’s hand. “How’s it fucking going?”
“It’s going very well, thank you. Just as I imagine it must be going for you, seeing as that your company is on the verge of becoming one of the most valuable tech startups on the market. My Sophie here tells us you’re flying out of town tomorrow to meet with some potential investors. Are you interested in real estate at all? I could always use someone with your extraordinary set of skills.”
“Fuck no. Never!” 
Definitely not in the mood to shoot the shit with a Stanford-educated oligarch, especially not about something as revoltingly vulgar as real estate, our favorite superhero sneezes, sneezes twice and spins away from the Strudels, away from the avian idol, away from all this disgusting small talk—Giacomo charging through the swaying crowd as the Pubescent Ponies start to mix things up with a Motown dance beat, strobe lights flashing on and off above his shaggy head, on and off, on and off, the ceiling vibrating, leaking, crumbling off here and there, here and there, here and there . . .
After ducking under a white curtain and watching a machine laser-etch the words “Be Human” into a kid’s stomach, after crawling in on a lingerie model fisting a retired Buddhist, after reading a pamphlet on the neurological effects of living on a planet with an aging population, after examining a series of very graphic cartoons about the prevalence of female circumcision in Africa, after having a video conference with members of al-Qaeda, after watching a Spanish-language clay animation film about a rape victim’s multiple attempts to have an illegal abortion in Nicaragua, after watching a live broadcast of an Indonesian maid’s execution in Saudi Arabia, after putting on a pair of headphones and listening to a mash-up of Antonín Dvořák’s New World Symphony with the court proceedings for undocumented minors in Arizona, after participating in a group meditation sing-along for the betterment of the universe, after doing a keg stand for charity, Giacomo Jones stumbles to a stop in front of a totally blurry wall-sized painting of the New York City skyline. The skyline as seen from under the Queensboro Bridge. From under the East River’s murkier than murky surface. All the city colors matted down to a muddled brown and garbage gray. To a black, a black, a black . . .
“Nice pants. I like the camo.”
A superhairy pinky finger held up to his runny walnut nose Giacomo turns his shaggy head. He aims his mastodon eyes at a kid half his size. At a kid wearing a cut-off white jacket, baggy white pants.
“Who the fuck are you?”
“Me?” The kid taps his Jolly Roger bolo tie and chuckles. “Oh I’m just another scuba diver. Like you.”
Giacomo grunts, dips his superhairy pinky finger back into the vial. He snorts up a life-elevating bump and remembers what his pops used to always say about sharing. Rubbing his broken walnut nose our favorite superhero offers the kid the vial. “You fucking want some?”
“Sure. Thanks.”
The kid dips his kid-sized pinky finger into the vial, snorts up a life-coloring bump. The kid rubs his kid-sized nose. “You don’t look like the type that comes to these things.”
“I fucking don’t. I’m here because of my fucking girlfriend.”
“Gotcha . . .”
Sharing the vial in silence Giacomo Jones and the kid stand side by side and stare at the massive painting on the wall. They rub their noses and stare harder than hard at the polluted pigments which threaten to flood and overwhelm the Island Kingdom . . . Drowning thoughts. Drowning constructs . . . 
A Palestinian orphan zips by a few nose-rubs later and hands them each a flute of champagne.
“Do you like it?” the kid asks, taking a kid-sized swig of the bubbly nectar.
“Fuck no,” grunting and chugging. “It’s disgusting. Just like all the other shit in here.” Giacomo burps, burps twice. “But I fucking like that big bird over there.”
The kid chuckles. “Me too . . .”
Chemical scarabs nibbling on the ball of dung at the core of his bloated brain, inflating his superhairy dick with dizzy dumb larvae, Giacomo swivels his auroch head round and round until he finds Sophie talking to a bitchy blonde girl in a snow leopard print top, in a pair of tight leather pants. He sneezes, sneezes twice and watches them have a heart-to-heart underneath the metal albatross . . .
“Which one’s your girlfriend?” the kid poking his head up over Giacomo’s shoulder.
Giacomo turns and narrows his woolly mammoth eyes. Cognition swerving down a yellow brick autobahn he stares at the kid. He wonders how far he might possibly be able to . . . 
But then our favorite superhero shakes away his nausea and grunts—“The one holding the red fucking coat. With a bullseye on her stomach. We’re in fucking love.”
 “Gotcha . . .”
“You ever been in fucking love?”
The kid blushes and taps his bolo tie. “Um, yea, sort of. But right now I just wanna have as much sex as I can before I turn thirty.”
Giacomo snorts another life-elevating bump. “Sex doesn’t mean a fucking thing without love. Sex is disgusting without love.”
The kid’s eyes widen. The kid fidgets. “What do you do?”
“Eh?”
“Sorry. I mean for money. What’s your job?”
“I run a fucking company.”
“Gotcha . . . And do you find that fulfilling?”
“What the fuck?”
“Sorry . . .”
Totally fed up with this kid Giacomo Jones swivels his sabertooth muzzle back to the angry albatross. The bitchy blonde nowhere to be found Giacomo watches Sophie nervously sip wine out of a plastic cup, a new girl wobbling in front of her greengold lamb eyes, wobbling on stiletto heels and waving a smartphone in one hand, a yummy-yummy drink in the other. Back and forth, back in forth . . .
“What the fuck’s going on over there?” Giacomo grunting, Giacomo chugging champagne.
“Where?” The kid turns and looks. “Oh I’ve been watching that girl. The one in the ripped tights. I like her. She’s a hot mess.”
Right on cue the new girl drops her trusty ol’ smartphone, grabs Sophie’s sippy cup, then screams at the top of her adorable little lungs and splashes the redder than red blood all over Sophie’s doublecrossing face and all over her “Look at me, look at me, I’m a SoCal skank!” cock-tailing dress.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Giacomo putting away the vial. “One more disgusting motherfucker.” Giacomo flipping up the collar on his jean jacket. Giacomo taking a savage step toward the albatross.
“Wait.” The kid reaches into his white jacket. The kid takes out a pair of star-shaped tablets.
“Take these.”
Giacomo plucks the stars out of the kid’s palm. “What the fuck’s in ‘em?”
“Just take them. They might help.” The kid taps his Jolly Roger bolo tie and chuckles. “Either that or it’ll just be something to remember me by.”
A colder than cold shiver tickling his spine Giacomo Jones hesitates and scratches his itchy-itchy chin scruff. Scratches this yucky, this slime-oozing paranoia squeezing itself round and round his neck . . . yay or nay, or nay yay, or— 
“Fuck it,” titling his shaggy head back and swallowing the twelve-pointed stars with the rest of the champagne.
The kid chuckles. The kid swims away and dives under the DJ booth. Leaving nothing but a cut-off white jacket. Leaving nothing but a pair of baggy white pants . . .
T. rex eyes fixed on that milk chocolate ponytail, a lavender leash jerking him forward, Giacomo burps, burps twice then shoves his way through the swaying semicircle, black combat boots smashing Art, smashing toes, smashing all the things that seem . . . 
A few ontological mishaps later, a few heavy brawls later, a furrow of dodolike disgust on his hummus-smeared forehead, thick steam pouring out of his broken walnut nose, shaggy hair sizzled by a redorange wicker man, extra-large denim jacket covered in postpolitical fragments, in conceptual ash and papier-mâché aesthetics—a few cocaine crashes later our favorite superhero swoops in on the angry albatross with his superhairy fists cocked and ready. He elbows the new girl out of the way. He growls—“Come on,” giving Sophie a piggyback ride through the gallery. “Let’s get the fuck out of here. This shithole is starting to get to me. And it looks like we both need a fucking drink.”
A roar of applause shakes and shakes the very leaky ceiling . . .
Chapter Ten
My yummy-yummy drink knocked out of my extra-small hands by some bastard’s really rude elbow I winced and hissed and held on tight to my hotter than hot ears, seriously wishing all this obnoxious applause would like just hurry up and die and leave me the fuck alone for once in my twentysomething life!—hissing and hissing through my tiny teeth, hissing and scanning the wine-black floor with my beady buzzard eyes as I wobble-wobbled underneath the metal albatross . . . wobbling in and out of the swaying semicircle, wobbling away from the smoldering effigies, wobbling on my stiletto heels . . . But I just couldn’t see a thing through this moving mesh of silicon slippers, sequoia clogs, motion picture moccasins . . . Way too dizzy, way too dizzy, way too dizzy to keep looking for my trusty ol’ smartphone I let go of my ringing ears and raised my darling head. Blurry blobs sizzled then dissolved, sizzled then dissolved . . . I hiccupped and tried my very best to focus my really shaky spyglass on the human glob coagulating at the back of the gallery. That oh-so-wondrous scuba diver curled up tight inside a uterus of fame and flash . . . I hiccupped and swallowed a mouthful of tangytart prevomit. A wet something-something hit my oily button nose. I looked up—another drop splashed across my lightening-scratched windshield. FUCK SHIT FUCK! That bastard ceiling just wouldn’t leave me alone! I rubbed, I rubbed another drop of sadistic sludge off my nose and splashed over to the floor-to-ceiling windows, taking five or six woozy minipukes along the way . . . I heard my head smack against the glass. I hiccupped, hiccupped twice then licked the bloody flakes off my lips and stared out into the soundless fury. Hoping against hope that some total hottie would come and catch me . . . Drooling on the window. Watching the purging darkness sweep up the last umbrella, the last emergency parachute, the last action figure boy and dreaming little girl. Watching it all get swept up in a cryogenic whirlwind and then get chuck-a-chucked out of the Lower East Side, out of Manhattan, out of here . . . I squinted, I burped, I squeezed my forehead deeper into the neuron-numbing, future-freezing crystal. Because I like definitely thought I could see them getting into a taxi van together. Because I like definitely thought there might still be time time time . . . Maybe I could even convince her to stop seeing him. For her sake. Because he was like obviously going to get bored of her. Obviously. Just like he got bored of us . . . And maybe I could still get Sophie to star in my rom-com! Because that back there was just a minor disagreement, that’s all. Just a slight difference of creative vision between a soon-to-be famous director and her leading lady. Nothing serious. Nothing that we couldn’t like totally work through and totally forget about. Because maybe we could still be best friends! And maybe we could still totally be roommates or next-door neighbors in the Hollywood Hills! And maybe everything was like obviously still going to be perfectly perfect! Maybe maybe! Nodding and brushing back my bangs. Reeling away from the window and trying my very best to gracefully glide forward but that definitely wasn’t about to happen because the floor was like actually keeling over. I teetered, I tottered—I goblin-groped my way over to the swinging doors . . . Tumbling through the metal detector, tasting salt and wind and frigid night . . . Revving my superlong legs up into sprinting-speed. Launching myself across the icy sidewalk when suddenly out of nowhere a sawed-off shotgun sucker punched me in the groin, sucker punched me twice then brutally prodded me away from the curb with a fascist hoot and a “Heil Hitler!” holler . . . I groaned, I moaned, I clutched at my zounds and fell forward onto the colder than cold concrete, gasping, gasping, gasping, the black fuzzy fuzz swarming all over me and my six suburban senses . . .The polar chaos pressing down on my cheeks. My adorable little lungs collapsing in on themselves. The earth spinning under my gin-bloated core . . . Crying, shivering, crying I lifted my heavy head then whimpered with fright because bitchy blonde Lola was standing right underneath the Cyclops’s bulletproof vest, veiny hands on anorexic hips.
“Zoe, Zoe, Zoe. That was quite the show you put on back there,” wide-set granite eyes giggling down at me. “You better kiss your lucky stars that Madame Banksy managed to calm the Strudels. They wanted to call the cops on you because of what you did to Sophie. Thank God she brought along a friend. If he hadn’t stepped in, you might have given us a two for one special tonight,” giggling, giggling.
I tried to breathe. I tried to breathe as I crawled on all fours toward the snow-sparkling curb with two or three shaky fingers held out for a cab or a bus or something, anything that could like just get me out of—
Lola stepped over me and blocked off my only escape route. “And where exactly do you think you’re going?” 
 “I’m—I’m leaving,” tiny teeth chattering. “There’s something I definitely need to do,” storm debris grating my face. “I can’t miss the deadline. I totally need to get uptown. I’m going—”
“Uh, no you’re not. You have to go take care of the purchasing orders. Come on, Zoe, it’s not like you don’t already know that there’s a ton of people who wanna get in on the action and buy one of Federico’s works before it’s too late. You know he’s going to be a big deal. You know he’s going to be ridiculously famous,” Lola giggling down at me, her bitchy blonde hair snaking in the banshee-black wind.
I squeezed my fists. I pounded on the ice, on the concrete, on the solidified pizza grease. “Who the fuck cares about him—fuck him!”
Lola smiled a bulimic smile and nodded at the neo-Nazi Cyclops, who then picked me up off the sidewalk and brutally dragged me back inside the Comfort Station without even asking or letting me say goodbye to my parents or politely removing his aviator monocle or nothing! . . . Kicking, screaming, whipping my glasses off my innocent face. Because this was all her fault! Because I like totally couldn’t breathe and I like totally hated hated hated hated hated that spoiled, that talentless, that fucking LA whore! The floor rolling, the floor rolling, the hired Cyclops copping a feel and shoving me up against the purpleblack painting . . . Lola giving the neo-Nazi a high five. Lola stuffing a red ballpoint pen and a stack of sticky notes down my itsy-bitsy throat. Lola poke-a-poking me in the chest. “Now make sure that everyone who wants something, gets something,” Lola giggling and whirling away. Lola running. Lola running and running after the glob of curdling fame . . . With a defeated sob I spit out my gag and slumped back against the massive canvas. I pulled as hard as I possibly could at that same knot of frizzy hair, I started scribbling all over the stupid sticky notes. I scribbled, I scribbled, I scribbled red spirals, red corkscrew dots. I scribbled and scribbled because I like definitely didn’t wanna be here. Because I was like definitely wasting my life here! Another drop bounced off my oily button nose. I groaned and bit down hard on my teeny-weeny tongue. I gargled then dribbled the lukewarm syrup all over my chinny chin chin. Because what the hell had I been doing these last two or three years! Because why the hell hadn’t I applied for like any other job! Because why the hell hadn’t I majored in something way better and like actually done something seriously amazing with my life by now! Because why why why! I squeezed the pen, I stabbed the neon-pink pad. Two or three years totally gone, two or three years totally wasted in this stupid place with all this stupid fucking ART! I wheeled my wobbly heels round and round, I stared at the purpleblack city up on the off-white wall, I stared up at the smeared skyscrapers, I stared up at all the bastard buildings which just wouldn’t stop siphoning off my precious twenties. Another drop bounced off my nose. I brought my superthin arm all the way back and screamed. I brought my superthin arm all the way back and slashed and slashed at the doublecrossing city. I slashed at the mocking sky, at the taunting bridges—at all the backstabbing streets that once upon a shiny silver time I had like totally loved and now totally hated! I slashed, I slashed, I slashed and jabbed the red ballpoint pen right through the Island Kingdom and slid my bubble butt down to the hemorrhaging floor . . . A noise on my spine. A horribly horrible tickle that just wouldn’t ever, ever quit . . . Someone turning the lights on and off, on and off. I thought I could like definitely hear sirens but I like definitely wasn’t sure and it like definitely didn’t matter because I still couldn’t breathe, I still couldn’t breathe. I crawled away from the blood, the ink, and screamed my way through the strobe-lit smoke, through this orgy, this inferno of someone else’s success. I knocked over two or three Palestinian orphans. I bumped into a tahini-slick dance cage and waded through oblong puddles of ashy fluids until I took two or three wrong turns and jammed my jelly thighs into the disco-boogieing DJ booth. I faceplanted. I tried my very best to take a power nap under a football player’s very smelly jockstrap . . . Why? Why did they always have to gang up on little ol’ me? . . . A Jolly Roger bolo tie winking at Zoe from around a white jacket collar. I smiled, I smiled as some really nice kid helped me up off the toppled bed of speakers and with a goodluck kiss on my bloody lips pushed Zoe back on top of the cheering mosh pit. I crowd surfed. I crowd surfed and rode the radder than rad wave from wall to wall, a hundred hands propping me up and carrying me, supporting me, a thousand prouder than proud fingers ripping off my tights and stroking me, loving me . . . I crowd surfed and breathed in all the perfect applause, all the perfect adoration—all the perfectly perfect glory. I breathed it all in till the fickle wave abruptly tossed Zoe and her superlong legs off at the base of the overhanging beast without a parting gift or a hug or a complimentary orgasm or nothing! I dropped to my knees, I gagged—Oh that stupid bird! Oh that bastard albatross with its wings spread really wide! I screeched and clawed at the screwed-in smartphones, at the broken laptops superglued up and down the angry frame, my Atomic Fireball fingernails totally chipping, totally breaking off as I pulled at the metal feathers, as I pulled and pulled and pulled . . . Do you think it’s ever going to be my turn? Your turn? . . . Our turn? . . . Somewhere far away I could hear giggles. Somewhere far away I felt another thicker than thick drop slide down my oily button nose. Somewhere far away someone tapped Zoe’s delicate shoulder, tapped twice then whispered a little something-something into my ringing ear. I tore off another chunk of skin and smartphone. Zoe swiveled round and round and hissed and spit at the lumpy astronaut ballooning way above us—a visorlike mirror reflecting Zoe’s gallery geisha outfit, reflecting my snarling face and my blurry failure . . . I hiccupped, I gagged, I squeezed Zoe’s vulture eyes into scopes . . . My doppelgänger floating from side to side . . . My doppelgänger floating from side to side . . . Zoe opening wide her charming throat, Zoe letting fly two or three puke-bombs . . . Zoe smiling a sinister smile as a bluegold boxing glove slammed into my superfuckable face and like totally blacked us out . . .
Beyond the Ferris Wheel
Swerving, honking, swerving out of this suffocating storm the yellowblack taxi van speeds up Central Park West and recklessly hangs a louie by powersliding across a patch of muddy ice—four tires spinning, four tires kicking up snow and shit and catapulting the taxi van onto West 77th Street—the van hurtling down a slumbering gully of beatnik prosperity and Ivy League liberalism, a strip of family-oriented wealth flanked by Notre Dame-like museums, doggy daycares, nanny academies, nouveau riche condominiums, Orthodox pubs, retro bookshops, magic theaters, bon vivant private schools and philharmonic playgrounds which whine and grumble, whine and grumble in their sleep as the van emphatically skids to a full stop.
After a credit card swipe and a quickie, the rear passenger door slides open. 
With their coats pulled over their heads two or three shapes leap out of the van and scramble across the uneven sidewalk—leapfrogging over snow angels, leapfrogging over gingerbread nativity scenes, menorah latkes, Christmas caroling vagrants . . .
After a sneeze and another sneeze, one of the shapes yanks open the superheavy doors.
From deep within the beer-thick shadows a gargoyle lifts his atrophied brain out of his glowing smartphone. Tugs an unclipped thumb out of his steroid-inflated nose.
After a shiver and a wardrobe adjustment, the two or three shapes glide into the hypnotic blue glow.
“Wel-wel-welcome, back, Miss, Stru-Stru-Strudel,” the bodybuilder bouncer trying to move his jaw. “Good, to see—you,” wiping a greenblack booger on his ketchup-spotted wifebeater.
“Thank you, Edgar. Has it started already?”
“No, Miss, Strudel. But-but-but it be, heating, up, fast.”
Sophie nods and kisses Edgar on his stone-cold cheek, then grabs Giacomo by his superclammy paw and leads him into the beer-thick shadows . . .
Gropping their way through the dark. Gropping their way through the fermented smells until a mannequin on a spit melts this all away . . . 
Above the alabaster mantelpiece, an oval mirror captures and distorts our favorite superhero’s reflection as he stomps up to the fireplace and reads the words etched into the flame-licked mirror . . . THE DRUNKEN CLINAMEN—FOR MATRYRS ONLY—PRICE OF ADMISSION, ONE EGO . . . Chimera eyes blinking away from what sure as fuck looks to be Helvetica font Giacomo peers down the two or three hazy hallways behind the fireplace. He shakes all of his hydra heads and grunts—“Which fucking way is it? I don’t remember any of this shit.”
Sophie laughs and squeezes his paw. “Yea, you were pretty out of it last time. I still can’t believe they kicked us out of the restaurant. Don’t worry though, we can go either way. They join up eventually. You choose.”
Giacomo grunts and remembers what his pops used to always say about being on the right side of history. Giacomo remembers and grunts left. 
Greengold lamb eyes flaked with layers of laughter Sophie Strudel gives our favorite superhero a peck on his prickly muzzle, adjusts her fur cap, then leads the way . . .
Bone-and-rag torches swishing overhead, the hallway zigzagging, the hallway zigzagging, really tall red doors gleaming on each side, Persian rugs giving way underfoot, giving way to the chemicals conspiring and closing in with the walls, with the walls, a fever microwaving the air . . . 
“Where the fuck is the bar?” Giacomo growling as he looks down and watches his black combat boots leave extra-large craters in the handwoven floor.
“Just a little bit further,” Sophie pulling him down or up the sloping hall. Minutes sliding into memories. Sliding into . . .
Sophie smiles to a stop. “Here we are.” She tap-a-taps on one of the really tall red doors, Giacomo standing behind her and reading the plaque on the wall—THE JOB IS THE VACATION.
After another knock-knock and a tick-tock the really tall red door clicks open and a Mexican sombrero, then a chubby clown face, then a pair of sunburnt and lactating breasts, then a pregnant belly, then a codpiece, then a pair of cellulite-dimpled legs strapped to a pair of bamboo stilts, scissor-walk out of the shadows and tower over the threshold.
“Holy fuck!” Giacomo jumping back because he definitely doesn’t remember this.
“What’s wrong? Come on,” Sophie grabbing his superclammy paw and pulling him through the shoulder-width opening between the stilts, the shadows on the other side of the bamboo taking on the shape and color of an Olympic-sized sandbox with palm trees, piñatas—Tahiti-clear beaches projected on the turquoise walls, piña colada clouds sailing across the ceiling, pink flamingos building Disneyland castles in the white-hot sand . . .
Stopping every few sand dunes to smile to one of the topless sunbathers Sophie puts on her oversized Jackie O sunglasses and leads Giacomo past the really fat, really sweaty gin rummy players with their 24-karat bracelets and their smaller than small speedos. Sophie leading Giacomo past the volleyball tournament, past the seafood buffet, the barbeque pit, past the crowded tiki bar . . . The Caribbean sky bearing down on his shaggy hair and itchy-itchy beard Giacomo takes off his extra-large denim jacket and lets his superhairy chest toast under the Mayan heat lamps. (He never did manage to find a decent shirt to wear after that wet and wild office party.)  Giacomo following Sophie’s bobbling cap all the way, all the way over to a row of hemp hammocks. Giacomo letting out a half Bottom, half Oberon bellow of Every little thing gonna be all right! as he flops his camo cargo pants down on the nearest hammock and leans back with his paws behind his head, his black combat boots swatting a ruddy-beaked seagull out of its totally snobbish beauty sleep . . . 
A few indignant squawks later, when the pregnant stilt walker comes lactating over to their hammocks with a bucket of tequila shots on a fishing line, Sophie looks up from her smartphone, unhooks the bucket, opens up her Louis Vuitton handbag, leaves a twenty-dollar bill on the hook, then hands Giacomo a shot. 
“To forgetting about tonight,” Sophie taking off her coat and smiling a Salome kind of smile.
“To getting the fuck out of here.”
The two or three coworkers tilt their heads all the way back and swallow.
Wiping her freckly lips, a wine-black lotus flower around the wine-black bullseye on her goldgreen dress, Sophie Strudel takes off her fluffy red boots, wiggles her ten lavender toes in the sand and goes back to tap-a-tapping on her smartphone as Giacomo closes his griffin eyes, burps, burps twice then asks—“Who the fuck was that back there? At that shit show.”
“Oh that crazy bitch. That’s Zoe. We were pretty close at school but she wasn’t like that back then. She was harmless. A little out there, but harmless . . . ” Sophie shrugs, takes another shot. “Looks like she’s gone off the deep end . . . ” Giacomo nodding but not really listening, each word drifting like a catamaran from thought-island to thought-island . . . no cares . . . no worries . . . just this margarita blended breeze . . . Jimmy Buffet strumming away on a six string, Giacomo whistling, Giacomo swinging away on his hammock . . . back and forth . . . back and forth . . . swinging away from all this . . . because we all know it’s definitely five o’ fucking clock somewhere . . . 
“Zood evening, ma chérie.”
Still diving with the dolphins Giacomo yawns and slowly looks up at a black Titan, at a tuxedo-donning Shiva, at a 6-foot-6, 245-pound cosmic being.
“Holy fuck!” Giacomo flailing and almost flipping off the hammock.
“Professor! It’s so good to see you!” Sophie up on her tippy-toes, giving the humming obelisk a hug. “How have you been? I don’t think I’ve seen you since graduation. Oh, sorry,” swiveling her greengold lamb eyes. “This is my boss. Giacomo.”
Professor Amís lowers his hairless magnet skull. He hums over the hammock. “Giacomo? But ve have heard of zee Giacomo. Zee are zee Giacomo? Hmm? Zee are zee famous Giacomo? Hmm? Giacomo? Hmm? Famous? Hmm?”
“That’s fucking right,” Giacomo sitting up, growling. “Now tell me who the fuck you’ve been talking to.”
“Ah! Zee has zee energy. Zee has zee spunk. Zat is zood. Zat is very zood indeed,” Professor Amís licking his muscular lips. “Ve like zee spunk. Zes, ve do. Show me zee spunk.”
Sophie laughing, Giacomo grabbing his jacket—“Fuck this. I need some fucking air.” And with his beach day totally ruined, paranoia itching his beard, our favorite superhero abruptly flies off the hammock and stomps out of this fucking sandbox. On principle . . . 
Back in the hazy hallway Giacomo snatches one of the torches off the walls and stomps down the zigzagging corridor, looking for the exit, looking at each plaque on each door . . . INVEST IN THE MYSTERY . . . NO PAIN NO GAIN . . . TEA ANYONE? . . . ISAIAH’S COAL AVAILABLE ONLINE FOR A LIMITED TIME ONLY . . . THE REMIX . . . CHOOSE YOUR EXIT.
Growling to himself that at least he found the right fucking word our favorite superhero pounds on the really tall red door . . . A few bleeding knuckles later an albino Asian with prosthetic arms, robotic legs, and a floor-length, fiber optic queue, cracks open the door and points his touchscreen eyes at Giacomo.
“How the fuck do I get out of here?” Giacomo growling, Giacomo definitely not in the mood for any more of this role-playing shit.
Without a sound or a smile the androgynous cyborg teleports back into the thicker than thick darkness, Giacomo stomping after him or her with his torch held high. Sure as fuck about to get some fucking answers. By any means necessary . . . But before our favorite superhero can start questioning and maybe even torturing the bionic ladyboy he trips on a Chinese lantern and faceplants into the Forbidden City—sandalwood incense whirling up his bandaged walnut nose, red banners with gold-leaf characters fluttering all around, the Hall of Supreme Harmony straight ahead, imperial guards watching over priceless porcelain vases and jade figurines, tanks and Taoist temples looming over Tiananmen Square, the Great Wall in the distance, a tapestry of Marco Polo meeting Kubla Khan at his summer palace, a mural of Henry Kissinger giving Mao Zedong a high five . . . Giacomo growling and spitting at this last disgusting image, the albino Asian robot-walking out of one of the circular temples with a pipe in his or her hands. The cyborg kneeling and offering Giacomo a toke . . . Our favorite superhero grunting, remembering what his pops used to always say about being polite. Our favorite superhero taking a really deep drag from the tar-sticky mouthpiece . . . Groaning, groaning twice then falling back on a silk cushion in the shape of an extra-large Pekingese dog. Closing his basilisk eyes. Listening to the opiates swoosh through his bloodstream. Listening to them tickle his nervous system. Tickle his superhairy dick . . . Someone banging on a brass gong . . . Giacomo puffing, puffing away . . . Giacomo bundled inside a vibrating balloon . . . drifting upwards . . . onwards toward that rainbow . . . what worries . . . what problems . . . a laughing up his spine . . . a deep purple bliss . . . a perfectly perfect hard-on . . . because this is like definitely more fucking like it . . . 
A really harsh, really rude hum pops this midnight treat. 
“Fuck!” Giacomo coughing up smoke and staring up at an obsidian Odin, at a Haitian Osiris. “I swear to fucking God, you better not be fucking following—”
Loosening his tuxedo Professor Amís squats down beside Giacomo. “So zee are zee Giacomo, hmm?”
Giacomo trying his very best to stand up but flailing back down on the cushion. “Where’s Soph?” 
“Ah, zee delicious Strudel is down zee stairs. At zee dance party. Zee must join her, hmm. But first ve vould like to talk vith zee. Zes, ve vould.” Professor Amís pauses to take a drag from his personal pipe. “Do zee know vhat this place is?” handing the pipe to Giacomo. “Do zee know vhy ve come here? Vhy zee are here? Do zee know zee vhy? Hmm? Zee vhy?”
“All I fucking know is that this is a fucked up bar,” Giacomo inhaling, Giacomo coughing.
“Ah, zes. Zee are correct. Zee is, as zee Americans like to say, a ‘fucked up bar.’ But zee is much more than zat. Zee is a chance to be a part of something greater than zee. Zee is a monument to zee infinite. Zee is an opportunity to commune vith humanity. Zee is a place to fulfill zee covenant vith zee absolute. Zee is vhere zee special guests come to fuse vith zee limitless music of zee creation. Zee is vhere zee individual meets zee vomb of eternity.”
“Oh yea?” Giacomo taking another really deep drag. “And what fucking sort of fusing do you and your special fucking guests do?”
Professor Amís rests his galaxy-palming hand on Giacomo’s knee, his python fingers slowly working themselves up our favorite superhero’s thigh.
“Don’t even fucking think about it!” Giacomo brushing aside the black snakes and rolling to his feet, pipe in mouth. “You know what you fucking are,” Giacomo exhaling, Giacomo inhaling. “You’re just another fake motherfucker. This whole fucking place,” Giacomo spitting out his pipe, “is filled with fake motherfuckers!”
With a disgusted growl our favorite superhero then turns his back on the humming Mictlantecuhtli, on this forbidden planet, and staggers out into the zigzagging hall, where he grabs another torch off the wall, make that two or three torches, and with his werewolf ears pricked and primed, stumbles after the muffled music now thump-a-thumping from somewhere up ahead . . . Sounds multiplying. Who knows how many plaques rush past . . . HERMAN’S HASH HOUSE . . . NO SMOKE WITHOUT FIRE . . . ANAL’S WAY . . . JURY DUTY . . . THE FACE OF OUR MUSIC. Bingo. Definitely not about to wait around for another fucking costume change Giacomo Jones takes a savage step back, rips open his denim jacket so that his chest curls out, then kicks in the really tall red door and charges through the threshold with torches held high and ready to smite the earth but instead of charging into a Bible-themed party our favorite superhero faceplants down a Vaseline-rubbed slide and spirals, spirals, spirals all the way down into a tub of Silly String . . . Growling, cursing, growling Giacomo crawls out of the tub, a hundred neon-pink strings sticking to his camo cargo pants, to his swollen soul. The music louder than loud Giacomo shoves his way through a beaded curtain which crumbles on contact and scatters a million colors over the floor. Almost slipping, almost bursting with rage our favorite superhero stomps on the fucking glass game and marches out onto an exact replica of the neo-baroque opera box in which he was conceived on that lyrical night his pops finally collected enough trash to take his Mexican mom-to-be out to see Giacomo Puccini’s, La bohème. Whiffs of vertigo tilting his world our favorite superhero grips the guardrail and sweeps his great red dragon eyes over the edge of an enormous pit—a massive sinkhole twentysomething stories deep with a dance floor flickering on and off, on and off at the really faraway bottom . . . Giacomo blinks, blinks twice then zooms in. He zooms all the way in and—uh-oh, he sees his California girlfriend grinding up against some too-cool-for-school motherfucker in a shiny suit. With a silver bowtie. And a Bugs Bunny mask! A shiver of anger bends Giacomo’s spine. He squeezes the guardrail. He squeezes and squeezes until he hears a crack crack—crack. Because is this what he’s been working so hard for? Is this why he listened to his pops and avoided the gangs, the police, the trouble? Is this why he graduated at the top of his class in high school? In college? Is this what his fucking family died for? Is this why he quit Google and started his own truelove company? To see this? This! THIS! 
With a “No fucking way!” grunt our favorite superhero wraps himself around the fireman’s pole running straight through the opera box. He takes a really deep breath. Slowly loosens his grip. Slowly starts sliding down, down, down . . . But since he sure as fuck doesn’t have time for any more of this slow fucking shit Giacomo roars and lets her rip—his unbuttoned jacket flapping round and round his arms as he picks up speed and plummets twentysomething stories down to the dance floor like a Chicago-formed meteorite. Like Daffy fucking Duck . . . 
Landing on one knee, his shaggy hair blown back and up, his beard itching, our favorite superhero growls and runs and uppercuts the first motherfucker he sees. He kicks, he punches. He punches and kicks his way through the booty popping vermin, the break dancing brutes, the fist pumping fiends, the moonwalking marionettes, the wiggling worms, the wasted bros, the hammered hoes, the tripping phantoms, the rolling parasites, the social climbing leeches, the wallflower creeps—Giacomo Jones kicking and punching a path though the invasive hordes of STDs, HIV, AIDS, ugliness, lust—Giacomo Jones kicking and punching until he finally reaches the pretender, the usurper, the other guy. But then our favorite superhero stops. Scratches his beard. Because what do you like actually say when you finally meet your archenemy? Like how do you start a conversation with your rival? And what if you’re just supposed to let things slide? What if it’s like really not that big of a deal?—Giacomo Jones mulling things over while he watches his California girlfriend grind up against Bugs Bunny, a thousand casualties crying in the background, a thousand sirens wailing . . . Because what if everyone does it? What if it’s a really normal part of life? What if cheating is as much a part of the human condition as, say, death and taxes or whatever? What about that? Huh! What about that! 
With a “That may be fucking so but I have my fucking principles and I aims to fucking keep ‘em!” grunt Giacomo Jones elbows Sophie Strudel out of the way (he’ll definitely have a long chat with her doublecrossing ass later), and stares into the face of his most hated adversary. He presses his bandaged walnut nose up against the plastic mask. He chews on the eternal question—yay or nay, or nay yay, or—but then our favorite superhero just smiles a sinister smile. Because he’s remembering where he comes from. Because he’s remembering what he used to do on the South Side. Once upon a very tough time . . . Chicago autopilot on, ghetto guidance system locked on target, Giacomo suddenly snaps his head back and headbutts Bugs Bunny. He follows it up with a right hook to the gut, a left at the liver. He grabs Bugs by the back of the neck, squeezes, and brings the plastic mask down into his rising knee. Bones break, teeth shatter. As Bugs falls to the floor squealing in pain Giacomo brings his black combat boot down and through the back of the skull. The silver suit convulses. Giacomo raises his knee, brings his boot down again, the heavy heel crunching, crunching. The writhing body goes still. Giacomo brings his boot down one more time, the crunch turns to mush . . . 
The music stops. Our favorite superhero lifts his boot up off the redbrown putty. He swivels his behemoth eyes round and round the dance floor, a mass of faces staring at him. Wiping a bead of sweat off his bulging bronze forehead Giacomo slowly, slowly turns to look for Soph. But as he turns he feels a horribly horrible squeezing around his neck. And this time he can’t shake himself free! Gasping for air, a million faces watching, a million smartphones recording, our favorite superhero falls to his knees, his superclammy paws clawing and clawing at this THING . . . Giacomo clawing and sinking . . . sinking into the paranoia, the quicksand . . . Up to his leviathan eyes in fear, his life support system totally failing, our favorite superhero uses all of his remaining strength to keep his muzzle above the event horizon just long enough to see his California girlfriend one last time. To see her standing in a corner of the dance floor, texting and—smiling? Our favorite superhero blinks, blinks twice. Then collapses into the blackest hole . . .
#
A sphere . . . body and mind dispersed across the void . . . a naked feeling . . . a purity of essence . . . the universal crushed within the singularity . . . Eros = Logos . . . Transfiguration.
#
A really loud, really big bang brings our favorite superhero back. He shakes his shaggy head. A drop of alcohol lands on his bandaged muzzle. He growls and looks up at an inverted pyramid of not-properly-tied trash bags. He strains his neck and catches a glimpse of a ketchup-stained wifebeater and a closing door. His head slams back into a slushy puddle of beer and grease . . . 
A few demystifying breaths later our favorite superhero turns on his side, grips the top of the dumpster with a trembling paw, and slowly, slowly rises to his boots . . . Leaning on wet brick Giacomo then stumbles out of the alley tunnel and stumbles to the front of the lightless building. He tries to yank open the superheavy doors. Locked. He pulls out his smartphone and gives his California girlfriend a call. Straight to voicemail. Way too dizzy, way too dizzy, way too dizzy to keep looking for a way in our favorite superhero buttons up his dirtier than dirty denim jacket, sticks his paws into his liquor-soggy pants, and stumbles east . . .
The night sky over the Island Kingdom groggy with a postoperative drizzle, Giacomo Jones stumbles into the park at the 77th Street entrance. Tripping over the smashed remains of a barrier marked for ‘Official Vehicles Only” he stumbles on and off the sleet-hidden trail, pausing every now and then to sleep against a snow-barked tree, to vomit over a bush, to piss on a frozen duck . . . He stumbles in and out of icicle-barbed trenches. He stumbles through battlefields . . .
A few twisted ankles later, a few frostbitten fingers later, a few hypothermic hours later our favorite superhero stumbles out of his chemical stupor and stumbles down a flooded inlet and up a really small bridge. Coughing, sneezing, coughing his way across Giacomo turns his shaggy head to look at the lake—the first morning rays bleaching clean the stagnate swimming pool, all the pretty buildings glittering with chlorine. A glimmer of hope brightening his beard Giacomo reaches for his smartphone and tries again. Because maybe she has reception now. Because maybe she’s out looking for him now. Because maybe she just wants to tell him how much she like totally loves him and obviously always will! Because maybe everything is still going to be perfectly perfect! Maybe maybe! . . . Straight to voicemail. Squeezing as hard as he possibly can, a very familiar tickle-tickle up and down his spine, Giacomo looks across at the city fair—at the vainer than vain duplexes, at the insatiable franchises, the poverty-lined projects. But instead of hurling his smartphone across the lake in righteous disgust, Giacomo Jones calmly drops it with a splash of acceptance, then turns up the dandruff-dotted collar on his extra-large jean jacket, and stumbles on . . .
Breaking out of Central Park a few trees below the Metropolitan Museum of Art our favorite superhero stumbles into the street with two or three fingers held high . . . He eases himself into the cum-sticky leather. He closes his phoenix eyes and tells the turbaned cabdriver to fucking hurry it the fuck over to the fucking airport. Please.
Chapter Eleven
A siren wailed. A siren wailed. A siren wailed and this annoyingly hyperactive thing called earth spun itself into the day, and with a totally obnoxious twentysomething-degree tilt, impulsively decided to trace out another 1.6 million miles of its favorite ellipse onto the egocentric fabric of spacetime. Onto the nothing-new firmament of past and future history. Because after roughly four billion years of this oh-so-starry routine, like what else was there to do? . . . 
I blinked. I blinked twice and licked the really intense night off my tiny teeth as an ambulance went screeching up Humboldt Street. Went screeching up—something grumbled in my core. Tangytart acid surged up my throat. A tablespoon of Tabasco on my tongue I pushed myself up off the soggy pillow and brushed up against something warm, something hard—the ruffled sheets twitching an inch or so below the cotton surface. No time to investigate I jerk-a-jerked my superlong legs off the waterbed and whirled out of the room, one palm covering my heaving mouth, one palm ramming the bathroom door wide open and just barely lifting the toilet seat before all the vinegary vomit came gurgling up. The gin and lime, the coffee. The yellowgreen rocket fuel. Highly pressurized puke rupturing my extra-small throat. Barf-red tears like totally ruining my bra and underwear . . . Ugh, it was all like seriously disgusting. Seriously gross. I definitely didn’t wanna ever, ever watch . . . 
After unpacking my midmorning’s heart with tangytart puke, my stomach like totally empty now, I rinsed my supersore face in the sink and spit one, two or three yucky times. I wiped the porcelain clean, then lifted my throbbing head and peeked into the bathroom mirror. But uh-oh, this definitely definitely wasn’t good . . . Ostrich feathers sticking out in all directions, one bloody nostril sprinkled with pixie dust, my lower lip crusted over, my front teeth totally chipped and both of my skunk eyes scrunched up into a pair of purple prunes! AH! NO! FUCK SHIT FUCK! Cringing, sighing, cringing I rubbed the bruised flesh round and round, trying my very best not to think or watch or scream at the junkie scarecrow trapped in the mirror . . . Definitely not in a teeth-brushing mood I dried my disfigured face then flinched as a kid-sized ghost whisked behind my blurry reflection, paranormal giggles echoing out in the hall . . . I held my breath and tippy-toed out of the bathroom—the front door slamming shut as I rolled back into my messier than messy bedroom . . . But I definitely already knew what to expect, and yep, of course—the human under the sheets was like totally gone. In his or her place, snaked across one of the puffy pillows (one of my puffy pillows!), a silver skull smirked its emerald eyes up at me. Oh that bastard! Hissing and gripping the Jolly Roger bolo tie in an angry fist I stared at the mustard-colored splatter on what had like actually been my last set of sheets. I stared and felt something squishy under my feet. I looked down, then blinked and blushed and bit my teeny-weeny tongue because a kid-sized condom was curled up like a slug round and round my precious ankle, all ten of my tiny toes shining with a second or third skin of gooier than gooey semen. Oh that fucking bastard! I threw the slippery tube in the trash and tried my very best to remember like what exactly happened at the opening last night. Because I definitely didn’t remember much. I mean I definitely remembered talking to bitchy blonde Lola about something or other. But I definitely didn’t remember what. And then there was that green-eyed skank who was like actually spoiling my life. Plus I like kinda remembered getting into a cab with someone. With some kid wearing a cut-off white jacket or something . . . I squeezed the bolo tie and slowly put two and three together. Because this was like obviously the same bolo tie I’d pulled out of that knapsack in the basement. Because that kid must have obviously been the transcendental scuba diver or whatever. But I just wasn’t sure if I had politely asked the kid to please-oh-please fuck my superbrilliant brains out, or if Federico or whatever his name was had basically just followed me home and made himself a creamy casserole out of my innocent innards. Ugh, I definitely didn’t wanna think about it. Definitely not. Because there was like obviously no way to tell and anyway it was all that stupid skank’s fault! . . . I picked a dandruff flake off my frizzy black bangs. I felt totally gross, totally tired—totally unwell. But obviously there wasn’t time for a shower or a spa visit or nothing really nice like that. Not if I wanted to catch them before their flight boarded. Not if I wanted to tell him how much I like still totally loved him and how I like totally didn’t care if I was just a supercute piece of ass on the side. Because I was like totally okay with just being his twentysomething booty call. Because I like totally understood the human condition now! Oh yes, I definitely did! So without wasting any more time thinking or pondering or musing I pulled on my favorite pair of ripped jeans, because I mean they didn’t smell too bad, and anyway all my other pants were in the hamper, so yea, too bad, so sorry society, whatever. Then I picked up my favorite striped sweater off the very wet floor and put it on without even drying it or scrubbing away the coffee stains or picking off all the buttery popcorn kernels or ironing out all the embarrassing bluewhite wrinkles or nothing as time-wasting as all that!
Almost dressed, almost ready, I wobbled over to the window and peered down at parallel parked blurs, iron and brick building blocks—the asphalt merging with the sidewalk and forming a half-pipe of grimy sunlight with a pair of mismatching shades tumbling down its curved sunslope, a strip of greasy light in between, the smaller of the shades towing along its human-headed companion. Tied to each other. Tied to Brooklyn and me . . . But why was it all so blurry?—standing at the window and rubbing my sandwoman eyes, watching the two or three shapes scuttle down the street together. On a stroll. On a walk. On their way to a BYOB Bushwick boutique . . . And then it hit me. My glasses! FUCK SHIT FUCK! My glasses! How the fuck did I let myself get so drunk! Why was I always such a fucking idiot! What the fuck! AH! Groaning and moaning I grabbed my canvas tote bag off the floor and stuffed my ultrathin laptop right on in along with that bastard’s bolo tie (which I had every intention of tossing into the dirtiest, the dankest and darkest gutter I could possibly find!). Then I stomped off into the kitchen for a drink of something, anything. My head was like seriously killing me . . . 
“Oh, my, God! What the hell does she want this time!” growling and muttering the second I saw the sticky note pinned like a human scalp underneath the kitschy Central Park magnet, the annoyingly compressed, annoyingly flawless handwriting like actually forcing me to press my swollen button nose all the way up to the neon-pink square and squint.
Zoe!
You forgot to pay the rent this month! I had to ask my parents for the money! I want all of your stuff out of here by the end of the week! No funny stuff!
Precious!
P.S. Some bitchy girl from your gallery called and said you were fired!
P.P.S. The landlord called and said our neighbors downstairs are complaining about a ceiling leak under your bedroom!
P.P.P.S. Have you been stealing my medicine!?
Biting back a scream I ripped the note off the fridge and took my time crumpling it into a little ball of sticky pink hate. Then I hurled that betraying bitch into the garbage can and with nothing left to drink in the fridge, no Chemex coffee brewed, I swallowed a mouthful of Aspirin, a mouthful of Percocet, a mouthful of Ritalin and gulped down the remainder of my rage at the kitchen sink. Oh that bitch! That total fucking bitch! I looked down at my shaking hands, at my splintered fingernails. I screamed and scratched off the last bit of sweeter than sweet nail polish. Then I put on my blue and yellow vintage sneakers and totally got the fuck out of this superbad vibes apartment . . . 
#
Someone on the train smelled way beyond terrible today. But I definitely couldn’t tell who. It might have possibly been one of the two or three penis-faced boys swaying in the aisle, hands casually drooped through the overhead straps, ironic basketball jerseys swooshing from side to side, side to side as the subway cars went snorkeling through this Williamsburg princedom—four feathery armpits stuffing my guiltless nostrils with spoiled clam chowder, creatively rotten scallops, gentrified BO. Ugh, it was like all seriously gross. Seriously uncalled for. Trying my very best not to gag, not to faint, not to judge, I took out my bone-white headphones and rummaged in my tote bag for my smartphone so that I could like just zone out on a trance wave and not think or exist or whatever for at least five or ten minutes . . . I screamed . . . Gone. Totally gone . . . I screamed . . . Last night. After talking to that California skank. Gone. Totally gone . . . I screamed and screamed and screamed while the train dived like a steel-whiskered walrus and shipwrecked on an island sky-high on glass promises, consumer cures, trillion-dollar truths just waiting to be deciphered and downloaded. Wirelessly shared from borough to borough. Coast to coast . . . I closed my gopher eyes and tried my very best not to smell, not to cry, not to worry. About everything . . . 
Union Square. The song ended, the train stopped, the giggling doors slid open and I tippy-toed out over the urine-scented platform with two or three full-body shrieks as a sewer rat squirmed its shit-slick tail across my faultless feet! Ugh, seriously uncalled for! Seriously gross! Chewing on my crusty lower lip and hoping against all hope that their flight was delayed or cancelled or something I scurried up the stairs and elbowed my way through a mooing herd of mentally disabled felons, then scurried across the crowded mezzanine and scurried down the stairs on the opposite end of the station, elbowing my way though a flag-waving flock of Polynesian sightseers. Because my plan was to either take the 4 or 5 train heading uptown so that I could transfer to the Queens-bound 7 train at Grand Central and ride that all the way to the 74th Street stop where I could then hop-a-hop on the Q70 bus to LaGuardia. Because that was obviously the fastest way to the airport. Obviously . . . But oh boy, oh jeez, all I could see were blurry blobs. Hundreds and hundreds of blurry blobs scattered like undead passenger pigeons across the platform. Seriously hating myself for not having an emergency pair of reading glasses or contacts or something I sat down against one of the dirtier than dirty support columns and started rehearsing what I’d say once I finally saw him again. Because my speech would like obviously have to be perfectly perfect. Obviously. I nodded and practiced my lines. I practiced and swallowed a teaspoon of tangytart vomit, make that two or three tangytart teaspoons, each of my superloud stomach grumbles painfully reminding yours truly that she hadn’t had anything to eat for breakfast or for dinner or for lunch or forever! . . . 
A few hunger pains later, my train still nowhere in sight, my panic levels like totally rising, totally approaching critical mass, I jumped up and splashed over to the nearest blur. (A blur which turned out to be a banjo-playing cross-country backpacker from Oklahoma.) I stomped my feet and clenched my jaw. I put my hands on my extra-small hips. I asked the tree hugger for the fucking time . . .
After waiting what like actually must have been an hour for the grungy folksinger to dig into his bottomless backpack and scoop out all his cooking utensils, his portable stoves, his sleeping bags, his compasses, his sundials, his hourglasses, the Okie finally found a dusty old pocketwatch his great-grandfather had carried while working as a railroad engineer out West. 
The tree hugger smiled affectionately at the threadlike chain, at the ticking hands. 
“It’s a quarter to eleven,” the tree hugger whispering. “Give or take a few nanoseconds.”
I screamed and punched the bastard hippie in his bastard face. But before the bleeding heart could call the cops or pick up his front teeth I scurried over to the opposite platform and hopped on the 6 train heading downtown . . .
I hopped off one stop later. I scurried over to the opposite platform and made a more than necessary pit stop at what had once upon a very early twentieth century been the women’s public lavatory but was now, after a series of neoliberal renovations, after the party-till-you-vote-for-Ronald-fucking-Reagan 1980’s, a newsstand. I grabbed a 20-hour energy shot, a deliciously chewy Laffy Taffy, and a blueredyellow Gatorade. I swiped Daddy’s extra-platinum credit card, squinting hard at the miniature TV behind the tobacco-spitting, the laughing, the arak-sipping, the clapping, the Falstaffian cashier from Bagdad or Aleppo or Beirut or one of those war-speaking places over there. I chugged and chewed and squinted and watched the two- or three-minute trailer to that sci-fi blockbuster which I was like probably definitely never ever going to have the time to see. I chugged and chewed and watched the silent explosions, the zero-gravity sex, the ticket-selling carnage. I chugged and chewed and scolded myself for not being able to direct something as ridiculously awesome as that. Because why-oh-why couldn’t it be my movie on the TV? Because why-oh-why couldn’t I be the one everyone claps and dies for! Because why-oh-why wasn’t I worshiped like that! Loved like that! . . . 
Totally refueled, totally ready to rock and fucking roll I threw away the 20-hour energy shot, threw away the crinkly candy wrapper, squeezed the empty Gatorade bottle in my extra-small hands, shielded my disfigured face from the cold blue sun and the cold clear wind, and then climbed back up into the carnival . . . 
Brandishing my plastic blade at the onslaught of workaholic blurs, and reminding myself that I like definitely needed to call my really successful, really Polish parents and tell them about my eviction notice, my brand new unemployment status, and my possible sexual assault, I lowered my throbbing head and scurried out of the horribly horrible Astor Place ruckus. I scurried down half a brain-jarring block of Broadway, letting out a louder than loud growl of relief when I took a quick right and then scurried onto the much more harmonious and refined, much more peaceful and dignified, much more affluent and spiritual—Waverly Place. Because it was obviously time for plan B . . .
Washington Square. Diamonds winking up at the cobalt sky. I blinked, blinked twice. Diamonds winking underneath my alma mater. I blinked and scurried and squinted until I could make out two or three blurs in plain white tees leaning against an unmarked van, their aviator sunglasses shooting me with creepy suspicion. I lowered my throbbing head because I like definitely didn’t wanna risk a closer look. No way. Because they were probably just some middle-aged sex tourists trying to get a glimpse of the adorable college cherubs. An objectified pang in my postfeminist ovaries I scurried up to the cube-shaped citadel. Pulled harder than hard on the really heavy doors. Then travelled back two or three years . . .
With a reluctant hiss I showed the security officer my laminated guest pass, trying my very best to smile like a well-bred suburban kitten while the hideous hog compared the supercute face on the card with my mutilated mask. With a sarcastic meow I stated my name, my occupation—Zoe Dreamstein. Unemployed gallery geisha. Snorting his amusement the bastard waved me through the metal detector, beads of nervous sweat sprouting up along the twin tips of my unwaxed eyebrows as I held my tote bag tight to my claustrophobic chest and tippy-toed out over the marble-floored campus, the air swirling into that totally recognizable dimension of compressed awkwardness, oppressive density, humid social anxiety. Into that hormone-governed vortex of quixotic attitude and 400-level seminars. Trial-and-error threesomes. Double-spaced essays. Machiavellian power struggles and cafeteria fashion shows . . . 
Chewing on my flavorless nails I wiggled my superlong legs into the elevator and shrank back against the maternal cage, trying my very best to hide behind my bruises as two or three frat boys crammed in beside me. Way too scared to move or breathe or live I lowered my throbbing head and stared at their Sperry Top-siders. Because I could like actually feel the preppy bro to my left—a baseball cap on backwards, a popped collar poking out from underneath a purplewhite sweater—because I could like actually feel him checking me out through a Greek life prism of beer pong and hydroponic weed. (And did he know I didn’t belong here? And was he on to me already? And was he going to tell on little ol’ me?) I held my breath and looked straight ahead at the closed elevator doors. I held my breath and tried my very best to tighten my chapped lips, my aching cheeks, my totally unstable disguise . . .
Fourth floor. I nudged my way down the hectic hall, feeling like an imposter, a double agent, a KGB femme fatale. And maybe that’s also why I suddenly felt like doing a little snoop-a-snooping. Because being bad was just so much more fun . . . I licked my lips. I made sure no one was around, and in the first classroom I spied, through a square of naughty-nice window glass, a semicircle of seated students with spiral-bound notebooks on their barely legal laps, studious heads attentively turned toward an elderly lady in yellow and bumblebee-black. A discussion based class, I confidently surmised, staring at the protective professor and licking the steamy memories off the glass, thinking that maybe that one Pizza Boy was like actually on to something. Because maybe I should like definitely apply to grad school or the Peace Corps. Because maybe that would make everything better. Like so much better . . . 
My lumpy forehead bumped the glass. An accident! Just an accident! But the really mean professor stung me through the porthole with such a serious please-get-the-fuck-out-of-here-before-I-call-security scowl, that I gave a paranoid yelp and did an undercover twirl, scurrying deeper and deeper into mine enemy’s territory . . . 
There were thirty or so students in the next room. A large lecture hall that sloped and fell to the right in an inclined rectangle of outrageously overpriced indoctrination. Unzipped backpacks, highlighted textbooks, hindering any and all brilliance up or down the carpeted steps. But at least the Einstein-esque professor scribbling cuneiform or linear algebra or the fourth movement of a violin partita in B minor on the blackboard must have definitely been a good one, because nobody’s smartphone was out, nobody was nodding off, and I definitely couldn’t see anybody doodling dicks or tits or nothing cute like that . . . I sighed and licked my nostalgia away. Like a totally blind mole rate I turned and burrowed back underground, veering left at the end of the tapering hall. Wiggling my superlong legs between a couple of sweethearts who were like seriously having the time of their lives licking each other’s pasty eyeballs. With a moan I slipped out of the sunny classroom pastures. With a really deep breath I hurried up a silent stairwell . . .
The temperature dropped. Oh boy, oh jeez, I was like definitely in the inner sanctum now. In the hush-hush domain of faculty offices and department meetings. Where tenure track decisions were secretly arranged behind bureaucratic doors, visiting professors tossed back out on the streets like overfucked concubines. Oh boy. Oh jeez . . . 
The walls were narrowing. Ugly florescent lights buzzed above me, stretching my tote bag-carrying silhouette across the gunmetal floor. I clicked my tongue. I used my submarine sonar to navigate my way though the semidark—my tongue clicks ricocheting off distant objects, distant kraken . . . I ran my fingers along the bumpy office plaques, used my braille-reading skills (I taught myself in kindergarten) to carefully connect the dots, all the dots . . . Department of Neuroscience, office hours 1 PM to 4 PM . . . Department of Environmental Studies, closed on Tuesdays . . . Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies . . . Department of Latino Studies . . . Department of Journalism . . . Distinguished Professor and Chair of Art History, Computer Science, Enology, Experimental Archeology, Film Studies, Haitian Poetry, Hungarian Literature, International Economics, Precolonial Caribbean History, Postcolonial African Politics, Queer Theory, Semiotics, String Theory—Professor Martín Amís. With a shout of success I tripped and faceplanted in front of my favorite professor’s office . . . 
The lights were on but I definitely couldn’t see through the frosted glass panels tinted hemoglobin-red by the EXIT sign behind me. I knocked once, twice, thrice on the glass and waited . . . Nothing. I pressed my ear flat to the glass. Nothing. Thinking that maybe Professor Amís hadn’t been able to hear my delicate finger drumming, I was about to knock again—louder this time, with a superbossy fist this time—when a four-armed shadow suddenly crept over the frosted glass and ouch! Something poke-a-poked me in my shoulder blade! 
“Hey you!” poking and shouting. “Hey you!” 
I swiveled and raised my extra-small dukes, totally ready to throw the fuck down. 
Holding hands and dressed in matching black, that same PDA couple from downstairs was standing under the EXIT sign, staring at me, red light dripping down their lips and fangs.
The boy with scissors for hair poked me in the shoulder again. “Yea, you,” he said. His lower lip was pierced, and I realized with a suburban shudder, with two or three suburban shudders, that I was dealing with a Goth. AH! NO!
“Stop that,” I said, swatting the freak’s finger away, his black nail polish matching his black eyeliner matching the black anguish of his misunderstood soul. “Don’t fucking poke me. What the fuck do you want?”
The Goth slowly pulled his rejected finger back, ruffled his blades of raven’s hair. “Are you a student? You don’t look like a student. Are you supposed to be up here?” 
I gritted my chipped teeth. “I’m here to see Professor Amís.”
“Professor who?”
“Professor Amís.” 
“Professor who?”
“Professor Amís.”
“Professor who?”
“Professor fucking Amís!” I screamed, jerking my thumb at the door. “This office. I’m sure you’ve definitely seen him around. The guy’s like impossible to miss. He looks like a god and he hums all the time. Plus he’s a fucking big deal. Like intellectually speaking.” 
The misfits looked at each other, grinned, winked, and with her spiked collar still clinking to the beat of her snickers, the Gothette said, “Yea I don’t know about any humming professor-god. But I saw some guys taking pictures and collecting samples off this door a few hours ago. So maybe this professor-god of yours switched offices.” 
Her fellow freak poked my shoulder again. “Hey are you sure you’re allowed up here? What happened to your face? And why are you all alone on a Friday? Show me your guest pass. I know you don’t belong here.”
I definitely wasn’t about to show this Gestapo bastard anything. But I was about to punch him in his totalitarian throat. I pulled my extra-small fist back and—
“A-lo! A-lo! Vho is here? Hmm? Vho is here? A-lo! A-lo!” 
I could hear latches turning, pulleys creaking, a drawbridge lowering . . . 
“Oh aren’t you a lucky bastard,” whispering and shaking my fists, pivoting away into Professor Amís’s office with a backside mumble—“And why don’t you freaks get a room. It’s not Halloween you know.”
“What was that!” someone somewhere yelling but I definitely wasn’t about to turn and see who. I just kept spelunking on ahead while someone’s tortured voice echoed in my slipstream—“Why don’t you mind your own fucking business! You prude bitch!” The door must have like definitely swung itself shut behind me. I could totally hear it locking into place with a click click, click . . .
The smell. It was always the smell that got me. That dream-catching blend of scotch and shoe polish. Of frankincense and fine cigar. Of culture and crime. Oh boy, oh jeez, it went straight to this throbbing head of mine . . . 
I scratched my swollen button nose and tried my very best to focus in on Professor Amís’s voice, humming at me from somewhere in the office-cave—“Ah it is zee, ma chérie. How are zee today? Hmm? Zoe? Are zee zood? Are zee zood today? Hmm? Zoe? Hmm?” Professor Amís’s 6-foot-6, 245-pound avatar materializing from out of the pungent depths. (The office-cave had to be at least twice or thrice the size of my apartment. If not more, much, much more . . .)
I gripped my tote bag and mumbled my respects to the Supreme Being. “Hi, professor. Ugh, not too good actually. I’m like ridiculously hung over and ridiculously angry today.”
Professor Amís’s round and hairless face creased itself with sympathy. A galaxy-caressing hand patted me on the shoulder. “Angry?” he hummed. “But vhy, ma chérie—vhy angry? Here. Sit down.” Professor Amís pointed to a sugarcane chair opposite his moon rock throne. “Zes. Sit down.” 
I sat down and sighed. “I don’t know, professor. Everything’s just fucked right now. I was supposed to make it over to LaGuardia today but I totally missed their flight and now I’m going to have to wait till they get back to try my very best to get back with my ex and I think it’s like definitely going to be too late and it’s all because of this stuck-up LA cunt who’s been sleeping with him just to spite me. I hate her, professor. I like actually hate her. But how was Giacomo last night? Did he say anything about me or Peter? Did he talk about us?”
“Hmm? Vhat? Hmm? Peter? Giacomo? Zee homeless preacher of zee application?” Professor Amís leaning back in his throne and stroking his chin. “Interesting. Zat is very interesting . . . Vhy don’t zee show moi vhat zee have, hmm? Show moi everything and then ve shall zee vhat ve can do about zee situation. Hmm? Zood? Hmm?”
I nodded and pulled out my ultrathin laptop. I clicked on the little bit of usable footage I actually had then raised myself up on my ten tippy-toes and tossed the computer up over the celestial peak. Professor Amís’s all-knowing eyes dilating and zooming in on the flashing screen. He hummed, he watched, and trying my very best to ignore my hangover, my hunger, I chewed on my totally bland fingernails and looked round and round the office-cave for any cool new artifacts or antiques . . . The never-ending walls of books, the floor-to-ceiling stacks of medieval manuscripts . . . a world-renowned collection of samurai swords and Zulu throwing spears . . . a Formula One racecar, a stuffed orangutan and a baby humpback whale . . . the twin towers of VHS tapes and DVDs . . . the collectable vinyl records and sacred Hindu stones . . . Oh that might be new—squinting and staring at what totally looked like the Antiktythera mechanism balanced on top of Tutankhamen’s—
“Interesting. Very, very interesting,” Professor Amís slamming my laptop shut. “Very interesting,” he repeated, pinkie-flicking my laptop off his mountain-desk and right into my little lap. “But vhere is zee rest, Zoe? Hmm? Vhere? Zee rest?” 
I bit my lower lip. “Um, well, you know that’s like all I have right now. But I got a ton of footage last night. It’s just that I had to shoot it all on my smartphone and I think I left it at the gallery or someone stole it or I lost it or I don’t know. But either way I still think the whole thing’s going to be a ridiculously big hit. I promise, professor, it’ll seriously be the most successful rom-com to ever—”
“Enough! This is only zee fantasy! This is no romance, no comedy—no movie! . . . This is not even funny, Zoe. Hmm? Not even funny . . . This is nothing. Nothing. Nothing!”
I squeezed my laptop. I started to cry and shake.
Professor Amís rubbed his obsidian skull. “Ah, Zoe,” he hummed. “Ve thought zee vanted to be a famous director like moi. But now zee have missed zee deadline and zee have nothing. Zee should have seen Lola’s detective film. It vas an exquisite example of zee new film noir. Most exquisite. Lola vill go to film school and be vanderful. But zee vill not. Zee vill not go to film school next zear, ma chérie. Zee vill not be vanderful. Perhaps zee may try again in two or three zears. Perhaps then ve shall see . . .”
“Two or three years?” the blood rushing to my blistered face. “But I definitely can’t wait two or three more years. No way. I can’t. I totally won’t! NO!”
“No? Hmm? Then vhat vill zee do, ma chérie? Hmm? Vhat vill zee do?”
“I don’t know, professor. I just don’t know what to do. This is all that stupid skank’s fault!”
Professor Amís hummed and stroked his chin. “Ma chérie, do not vorry. Do not vorry. Ve vill tell zee a story. Listen to zee story. This vas vhen ve vas not a man of such importance. Ve vas zoung, very zoung. Ve vas, as zee Americans like to say, a ‘twentysomething’. Ve vas zoung, ambitious. Ve vanted to be zee next Sahagún, zee next Voltaire, zee next Goethe, zee next Carlyle, zee next Humboldt—zee next Veber! Hmm! Zee understand, Zoe? Veber? Hmm? . . . Ve vas vorking on zee monographs investigating zee relationship between sex, religion, narcotics, truth. This vas a, how zee say, ‘hip’ field vhen ve vas zoung. Zes, zes. Ve vas zoung, handsome, and vas nothing. Ve vas nothing and vas in zee Amazon. In Peru. Zes, Peru! Zee like Peru, Zoe? Zee like? Zes, zes, ve vas hiking in zee jungle for veeks. So many veeks looking for zee lost tribe. Zee tribe never before corrupted by zee civilized Homo sapiens like zee. Like moi . . . But ve vas starving. Ve had not eaten—had not tasted zee animal flesh in veeks! Ve vas lost, Zoe. So lost. So lost . . . Ve vas to die in zee jungle. Ve vas ashamed. Ve vas never to be zee next Veber! Never to be zee next Humboldt! Ve vas ashamed. So ashamed and so hungry . . . Ve lay down in zee jungle to die, Zoe. Forever. To die . . . But then zee found moi! Zes, zes! Zee naked boys found moi and carried moi back to zee village. Zee gave moi food and took care of moi. But vhen ve vas healthy, vhen ve vas zoung and handsome again, ve did not vant to leave. No, no, ve vanted to stay and learn zee language. Zee sexual language . . . Ve vanted to finish zee research! Hmm! Zee, understand? Zee research? Hmm? Zee research!”
I picked a dandruff flake off my frizzy black bangs.
Professor Amís humming—“Zes, zes, ve stayed in zee jungle. For two or three more zears ve stayed. And vhen it vas time to return to zee France. To leave zee jungle. Zat, ma chérie. Zat is vhen zee came for moi. Zat is vhen ve vas initiated . . . Zee shaman came vhen ve vas sleeping. Zee shaman voke moi up and made moi drink from zee cup. ‘Drink,’ zee shaman said. ‘Drink to quench zee spirits vithin.’ And then zee shaman brought moi out in front of zee village. Ve vas naked. Zee red masks vas naked. Everyone vas naked! So naked. So naked . . . Zee vas a girl—ve do not know zee age, do not ask, do not ask! Ve vere on zee ground. Zee burned our feet vith zee fire. Zee red masks vas vhipping us. Zee shaman vas speaking. Zee penis vas growing, changing zee colors. Ve vas inside zee girl. No, no, no, ve vas inside each other—fusing. Do zee understand zee fusing, ma chérie? Zee fusing? Hmm? Zee like zee fusing? If zee like zee fusing zee must study zee sketches. Zee are fascinating. Zee are detailed. Zes, detailed. Hmm? Zee like zee fusing? . . . But enough! Ve vant to ask zee a question. A question, ma chérie. Vho had zee control? Did ve have zee control? Or did zee shaman have zee control? Or did zee red masks have zee control? Or perhaps, ma chérie, did zee girl have zee control? Hmm? Zoe? Hmm? Tell me.” Professor Amís leaned over his desk and probed me with his all-knowing eyes. He asked again—“Vho had zee control?” 
“Um,” mumbling and trying my very best to think of something to say that wouldn’t make it sound like I definitely didn’t know what in the world he was talking about . . . But then I gave up and just went for it.
“I mean, when you really think about it. It kinda sounds like—”
There was a loud knock-knock on the door.
I turned in my sugarcane chair. I squinted hard, real hard. But like all I could see were blurry blobs pressed up against the frosted windowpane.
There was another knock-knock. Another two or three impatient knock-knocks.
Professor Amís’s round and hairless face creased itself with confusion. He stood up and marched to the front of the office-cave. “Hmm, vho could zee be?” humming and rubbing his magnetic skull. “Ve vas not expecting. No, ve vas not. Lez me see. Lez me see.” I watched as his galaxy-bending hands slowly turned the latches, slowly pulled the pulleys, slowly lowered the drawbridge . . . But I definitely couldn’t see a thing around his totem pole torso.
“May ve help zee?” I heard Professor Amís ask someone.
“Excuse me, sir,” a sterile voice responding. “Are you Martín Amís?” 
“Zes. Zat is ve. Ve am zee Martín Amís. Zes, ve am.”
“Good. We thought so. We are here investigating rumors.”
“Rumors? Vhat rumors?”
“Correct, sir. Rumors. We are here investigating rumors. And unfortunately, unfortunately for you, our investigation has led us here. To this office. The rumors that we are investigating lead to Martín Amís. The rumors that we are investigating lead to you.”
Chewing on a blood-sour fingernail I watched the back of Professor Amís’s cranium hover in the doorway. I heard him hum—“And vhat are zee rumors? Tell me zee rumors.”
“We’d rather not say, sir,” the sterile voice pausing. Then adding, “We’d rather not say in front of any students.”
“Students? Vhat students?” Professor Amís flashing an annoyed frown in my direction. Shaking his skull. “No, no,” he hummed. “She is no student. She is nobody. She is nothing! Nothing!”
I blushed. I started to cry and shake again. 
Professor Amís totally yelling now—“Ve demand to know vhat zee rumors are. This is Amerika! Ve am a legalized citizen of zee country! Tell moi zee rumors! Tell moi!”
“Please calm down, sir. All shall be made clear in due time. The Law shall be known to all. Justice shall prevail across the land . . . However, I will tell you this. The rumor that has brought us to this office. The rumor that has brought us to you. Is the rumor of whether or not a certain distinguished professor of this storied institution may or may not have been involved in certain non-consensual historical reenactments with certain underage—”
“Enough!” Professor Amís shouting, massive vocal cords crackling. “Enough! Ve understand! Enough . . .” Professor Amís turning, turning, turning a skeleton smile at me. 
“Ma chérie. Ve am afraid zat zee must go now. Zes, go. Ve shall have to resume zee discussion another time. Another day. Hmm?”
I bit down on my crusty lip. I sobbed—“But what am I supposed to do, professor? I totally don’t know what to do now. Everything’s just so fucked. Everything! I totally don’t—”
“Enough! Zee must take zee control. Do zee understand? Control! Zee must take it! Now go! Go!”
I jumped to my feet and grabbed my laptop, my tote bag. “Got it, professor. I’m sorry. Thanks for all your help.”
“My pleasure, ma chérie. My pleasure. And remember—zee control. Take it!” Professor Amís stepping aside and clearing a path for me, the EXIT sign’s red light pushing the two or three blurry blobs through the door. The two or three blurry blobs in plain white tees . . . I stumbled. I gagged. I definitely didn’t understand a thing.
“Is something wrong, ma chérie?” a galaxy-betrayed hand clinging to my collarbone.
I winced and shrugged myself free. “No, no, nothing’s wrong. Sorry. Hope the whole rumor thing works out. Bye, professor.”
Shielding myself with my tote bag and totally making sure to avoid all eye contact I wedged myself between the creepier than creepy aviator sunglasses and scurried down the hall without looking back, my blue and yellow vintage sneakers echoing past the department offices and faculty meeting rooms, past the plaques and the buzzing florescent lights which stretched and stretched my bloated silhouette across the gunmetal floor . . . a door swinging shut behind me . . . just a door locking itself into place with a click click, click . . . Zoe running . . . Zoe running and running . . .
#
Outside the terminally ill sun was already like half hidden behind the high-rise horizon by the time I made it safely through the really heavy university doors, another swarm of blacker than black storm clouds gathering in the distance. I slowed my superlong legs down to a comfortable foxtrot, self-consciously touched my hair again. Ugh, it definitely did feel oily and clumpy. Like seriously gross. I gritted my chipped teeth then pulled harder than hard on that same nasty knot. Crossing the street while trying my very best to untangle the frizzy strands, all the frizzy strands, all the—
“FUCK SHIT FUCK!” screaming and jumping back as a redwhite ambulance went screeching past my swollen button nose, the wider than wide tires like actually almost amputating my little feet as they set off a chemical chain reaction for fighting or flying or dying or dying or dying! AH! NO! AH! . . . I tried my very best to breathe, tried my very best to stand still . . . inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale . . . Totally shaking I fumbled in my bag for the bottle of soothingly sweet Valium. I forced down two or three tablets . . . Inhale, exhale. Inhale, exhale . . . My breathing somewhat under control, the muscle spasms somewhat subsiding, I made sure to look both ways, look twice and then cautiously tippy-toed across the empty street . . . very cautiously . . . very cautiously . . . because that—scolding myself, hating myself—because that was like almost it. The end. All over. Done. Totally done . . .  
But at least Washington Square wasn’t nearly as crowded or as noisy or as painfully dystopian as Union Square always definitely was. It was actually kinda quaint this evening. In a Colorado ski resort sort of way. With a few senior citizen snowmen sitting together on the park benches—gossiping, chuckling, drooling on their fleece blankets and furiously masturbating whenever one of the exercise-obsessed housewives went skiing through the park in spandex pants and Prada sports bra, a pocket-sized Pomeranian barking on a pocket-sized sled. The hibernating pigeons poop-a-pooping in their sleep as I trudged past the center of the square, past the frozen fountain jets to where a naked street performer on a pogo stick was bouncing and backflipping and juggling two or three fire-haired Barbie dolls while his pet drone flew round and round the redwood Christmas tree light-a-lighting up the Washington Arch. Out of change, out of smiles, I trudged right past the triumphal climax (the drone did a loop-the-loop then shot the burning Barbies out of the air), and without even giving the credit card-accepting dissident a high five or a chest bump or an arm punch or nothing I trudged right past a little girl in a neon-pink down jacket who was methodically licking her Superman ice cream (blueredyellow swirls, sugar cone), and quietly savoring every jaw-dropping second of this really impressive circus act. Her mommy and daddy a watchful step behind . . . 
A really strong craving for ice cream upsetting me and my grumbling core I crumpled down on an empty park bench. I put my throbbing head between my shaking hands. Because I seriously didn’t know what to do. Because I mean I definitely couldn’t wait another two or three years. I like didn’t even have a job anymore. How was I going to pay rent, buy food, be a real human being? . . . Two or three years. I should have like definitely been out of here and on my way to Hollywood by now. Two or three years. I should have like definitely been ridiculously rich, ridiculously famous by now . . . Ugh this was all that bitch’s fault. If only I hadn’t been such a good friend and asked Peter to get her a job at his new company. If only she hadn’t been such a total skank. Because it’s not like she hadn’t known we were an item. It’s not like I hadn’t told her a trillion and one times how I like totally knew the moment I met Peter at that networking event two or three years ago, the moment he gave me a bump of pure Columbian cocaine in the bathroom stall, how I like just totally knew we were totally meant to be! That it was truer than truelove . . . And so what if I had just graduated? And so what if he was like ten years older and engaged or whatever? So what! Because I mean it was obvious that he was going to leave his emotionally distant Connecticut fiancé and marry me marry me marry me! . . . If only that green-eyed bitch hadn’t interfered. If only she hadn’t sabotaged my film school application. If only she hadn’t like totally ruined my life! If only . . . I closed my weasel eyes. I screamed. Because I was obviously never ever going to reach any of my superstar goals . . .
Two or three disgusting smells knocked me out of my gloom. For a really hopeful second I even thought my favorite preacher was penguin-waddling past my bench. But when I saw and felt the blocklong trail of psychedelic plastic bags slithering across my vintage sneakers, I knew it definitely wasn’t. It was just that annoying harpy that I’d seen before. Somewhere . . . Dejected and totally done with it all I put my throbbing head back between my shaking hands, ran my teeny-weeny tongue over what was left of my mildewy teeth and went back to thinking really hard about what would happen to the earth when the sun had like totally burned up its hydrogen core and half squeezed, half bloated itself up into a hungry red giant . . . Wait a second!—my head snapping up with a superbrilliant crack—maybe that disgusting urban leper was best friends with Giacomo! Maybe they went dumpster diving together. Maybe if I just followed her for a little bit she’d like obviously lead me to their favorite hobo hangout. Maybe I could get everything ready and throw them a welcome home party and tell Peter how much I like totally loved him and always would! Optimistic frost crystalizing me into action I licked my crusty lower lip then launched myself off the park bench—skipping and skipping after the smelly bag lady who was like half a block or so ahead of me by now. Because maybe Peter and I would get back together. And maybe this time he would like definitely dump his Connecticut fiancé and obviously never talk to skanky Sophie Strudel ever again. And maybe Giacomo and I could still finish our rom-com and get ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich! And maybe we could all move to Hollywood together and live like gods. And maybe everything was like still actually going to be perfectly perfect! Maybe maybe!—skipping and skipping, skipping and skipping . . .
A few wheezing lungs later and we were somewhere on West 4th Street. But even though I was skip-a-skipping as fast as I possibly could I could just barely see my tour guide zigzagging somewhere up ahead of me, her chupacabra head sifting through biohazard dumpsters, organic waste compost bins, Agent Orange oil drums—the December sun crash landing somewhere in the Hudson. All the UV marshals dropping their rayguns and securing their personal flotation devices. All the shackled shadows laughing and fleeing from the very flammable wreckage . . . I wiggled my superlong legs through the blur, through the dark. I listened as my homeless captain clawed and sniffed at the cardboard pizza boxes, at the Chinese leftovers—marinara soy sauce sloshing back and forth between her preowned dentures. Back and forth. Back and forth . . . I waited for the psychedelic tail of plastic bags to snake-a-snake under the flickering streetlights. I lunged and grabbed on tight. Zoe holding her breath as our guiding leper towed us across the very turbulent intersection . . .
I think we took a right on 7th Avenue but I definitely couldn’t be sure and I definitely didn’t have time to stop and focus in on each blurry sign. It totally might have been 8th or 9th. Like all I could see were fuzzy snippets of red and green traffic lights. Garbage trucks and falling night. My swollen button nose rubbing up against bloody condoms, rabies-dipped heroin needles, lipstick-stained freebase pipes and a collector’s edition New York State-issued EBT card, my precious face just now noticing the rain, the snow, the hybrid cannonballs splitting the pavement and the wet anvils whistling, falling, shattering the Island Kingdom’s bedrock. Pipes bursting, sewers overflowing, a Pandora’s box of Stygian shit bubbling up through the broken sidewalk . . . Zoe holding her breath and wading through this totally blurry, totally yucky Manhattan marsh . . . dragging my no longer blue and yellow sneakers through gurgling gutters, alluvium puddles, my chipped teeth chattering, my frizzy black bangs pasted to my lumpy forehead . . . Zoe like not even trying to keep track of where we were going when we suddenly took another right, then a left, then a right left right . . . We might have definitely been in Chelsea. Or maybe in the meatpacking district. Either way it totally looked like a different city on a different planet. On a totally dead planet . . . I hugged my tote bag tight to my pneumonia-prone chest and seriously hated Zoe for not bringing a heavy winter jacket, or a Gore-Tex parka, or like anything really nice and really warm! . . . An NYPD squad car went splashing by, its high-intensity fog lights drilling through the purpleblack haze. I lowered our throbbing head. I shivered all the ominous goosebumps away, and for like the first time in my twentysomething life, as our swollen button nose followed that smelly harpy down a swampy side street, a pair of red beacons flashing up ahead of us, a pair of red wands waving us on, I like actually thought about praying. Because we were seriously hoping their plane made it in okay. Because I mean we obviously didn’t wanna see it crash into a field. Or see it plow into a military installation. Or see it bring down two or three skyscrapers. Because I mean we obviously didn’t wanna see anything horribly horrible like that . . .
There Is a World Elsewhere
“Welcome to Omaha, everybody,” the captain’s voice coming in loud and clear over the PA. “The local time is 10:45 am, and the temperature is a feverishly warm, 104 degrees Fahrenheit.” The captain pausing to take a really thirsty swig from her flask, then a really hungry bite out of her green eggs and ham sandwich. “Now don’t forget to stay hydrated out there, folks. And thank you for flying with us today.”
His supersteady paws folded in his lap like some sort of Jainist ascetic or Sufi hermit our favorite superhero yawns, yawns twice then calmly stuffs this trip’s comic book (Preacher, obviously) into one of his camo cargo pockets. Calmly unbuttoning his extra-large denim jacket our favorite superhero lifts himself off his very comfy Business Class seat. Nimble as a jinni he shimmies under the open overhead compartments, shimmies around two or three smartphone-rubbing passengers, and shimmies to the front of the plane where he stops to high-five the stewardess and poke-a-poke his mangy muzzle inside the open cockpit—“Hell of a fucking flight, ladies!” Giacomo Jones giving a double thumbs up to the captain and the snoozing first officer before then turning on his black combat boots and stomp-a-stomping up the retractable walkway. Whistling, grinning, whistling . . .
Not a single wrinkle on his trademark silver sweatpants or on his trademark silver hoodie pouty-lipped Peter Winnerbilt waits for our favorite superhero at the end of the jet bridge, a Civil War-era briefcase in one hand, a Boston Red Sox gym bag in the other. 
“Looks like someone had a rough night,” Peter laughing and flaunting his shiny silver hair.
Giacomo scratches his bandaged muzzle. “Fuck no. Greatest night of my fucking life.”
“You sure about that? Looks like you slept in a gutter.”
“Looks like you shouldn’t believe every fucking thing you see,” Giacomo smiling a sinister smile. “That’s rule number fucking one.”
A slight twitch of uncertainty on his cleft chin Peter looks down at Giacomo’s empty paws. “Where’s your luggage?” 
“What fucking luggage?”
Another twitch. “Stop messing around. What are you going to wear tomorrow?”
“Don’t fucking know yet. I’ll figure it the fuck out.” 
Pouty eyes glinting with exasperation Peter reparts his shiny silver hair, rearranges his aristocratic face back into haughty nonchalance, then leads the way through the florescent terminal—Giacomo following with his paws in his camo cargo pants, whistling and swiveling his Adam eyes from side to side, side to side, whistling and, like just for the fun of it, mentally juxtaposing this airport, Eppley Airfield, with O’Hare and LaGuardia (the only airports he’s ever been to). Because even though this frontier landing strip might not have anything near the frustration, the noise, the tumor-forming agony of those international human stockyards, the same underlying dynamics like definitely do apply. Giacomo whistling and watching a wider than wide spectrum of humans anxiously board flights to Phoenix or Atlanta or Houston or somewhere . . . tall, short, thin, fat, black, white, brown . . . Giacomo whistling and watching all the stages of life disembark flights from Minneapolis or Denver or St. Louis or somewhere . . . toddlers and tweens, teens and preadults, adults and postadults, wheelchairs and coffins . . . Departing, arriving. Departing, arriving. Departing, arriving . . . But what comes before the departure? What comes after the arrival? Giacomo chewing on these timeless thoughts and strolling past the fried chicken food court to the really bright souvenir shop tucked in tight next to a meat emporium known for its carry-on steaks . . . Giacomo browsing through the Omaha postcards, the Omaha shirts and sweaters, the Omaha memorabilia . . .
“I heard you met Zoe last night,” Peter standing behind him and scrolling through his smartphone as Giacomo reaches into his camo cargo pants and pulls out his liquor-soggy wallet.
“Zoe? Oh fuck. You know that crazy motherfucker?” Giacomo pocketing the change and throwing away the receipt while kinda but not really listening to his business partner. 
“Yea,” Peter moving his pouty lips, leading the way through the florescent terminal—“we were hooking up for a while. She’s good in the sack but she’s a stage 5 clinger. Had to get rid of her as soon as she started calling the office and threatening to tell my fiancé about us. Wasn’t about to let that happen.” The two or three cofounders stroll up to an escalator, Peter still moving his pouty lips—“Yea, she’s a total train wreck. You should take a look at her profile. I had that lazy Alaskan hick input her in the system so that we’d have some more examples to show tomorrow. Hopefully her psych evaluations won’t scare off investors . . . Almost forgot to ask, how’d the beta test go?”
“Haven’t fucking done it yet,” Giacomo reaching into the neon-pink shopping bag and carefully inspecting his purchase for any defects, any typos. The hungry staircase tumbling beneath them. Swallowing then spitting then swallowing its runaway offspring . . .
“What do you mean you haven’t done it yet! What if there’s a bug or a glitch! What if it doesn’t work!” Peter losing his cool for just the second or third time in thirtysomething years. “There won’t be time before the Presentation! I can’t believe you haven’t tested it! What’s wrong with you! My reputation’s on the line! Don’t they teach you people anything!” 
A few light years ahead of him, leaning his extra-large shoulder against the exit door, the heated glass tingling his arm, his fist, Giacomo thinks really hard about punching his business partner and reminding him that he never ever has to worry again about his reputation, or for that matter his finance career. Not after coming into work ridiculously drunk on his thirtieth birthday and calling all his colleagues (and bosses) nothing but a bunch of niggers and Jews and chinks and spicks and peasants and serfs and faggots and dykes! . . . But instead of doing that or saying that our favorite superhero just shakes his mangy muzzle and grins. “They teach us how to fuck,” Giacomo pushing the door open. “Relax, there won’t be no fucking bug. And there won’t be no fucking glitch. Tomorrow’s the biggest day of my fucking life. I ain’t about to fuck it up. No fucking way . . .” 
One at a time the two or three cofounders stroll out into the flaring plasma, our favorite superhero leading the way for the first time in his twentysomething life, his Noah eyes blinking at this luminous vista spreading out before him, this braver than brave new world with no thought police, no grime, no lavender chains and no sky-scraping taboos. Just a virgin consciousness for his massive genius to seduce or to be seduced by. Because he doesn’t give one flying fuck anymore if he’s the one in control or not. Doesn’t give one flying fuck anymore if he’s chosen to come here of his own volition, or if, like cockier than cocky Odysseus, our favorite superhero is paying for his Chicago-built pride by being dragged from misadventure to misadventure, with only a supercute, superwise goddess to help him find his way home . . . Either way it sure as fuck doesn’t matter. Because the paranoia, the neurosis, the Island Kingdom—all that’s like totally gone gone gone. All that matters is that Giacomo Jones is here. Now. In the sun . . . Whistling, dancing, whistling our favorite superhero strolls through a crosswalk and rips the teeny-weeny strips of electrical tape off his walnut nose—the magnified light cauterizing his wounds, relieving his bloated soul once and for all. Giacomo Jones farting and whistling his way past the taxis, past the shuttle vans, past the buses to where his preordered ride awaits . . .
“Is this a joke?” Peter rubbing the day’s first sweat off his pouty forehead, rubbing and staring at the polished chrome, the white flames, at the magma-red paint melting under the Omaha sky.
“I don’t fucking joke,” Giacomo strolling over to the passenger side. “And I wasn’t about to rent a fucking sedan. My fucking principles don’t fucking allow it.”
“I didn’t know people had principles in the ghetto,” Peter muttering and reparting his very sweaty but still very shiny silver hair. “Well aren’t you going to drive?”
Our favorite superhero takes off his extra-large denim jacket and tap-a-taps his superhairy chest. “Nah, I got some fucking reading to do. It’s all fucking you . . . ”
The air crackles and hisses as the two or three cofounders slide into the hot rod. Wrapped tight in a leather womb Peter fastens his seat belt and tries to turn the key in the ignition but it just won’t turn. He looks down and to his right. He frowns at Giacomo who just smiles a sinister smile.
“You can fucking drive stick, eh?”
“Of course I can. I’m a Winnerbilt. My first car was a 1957 Mercedes-Benz Gullwing,” Peter pursing his pouty lips as he grips the steering wheel and presses in the clutch then slowly, slowly turns the key in the ignition—the supercharged engine erupting into muscle car combustion, eight cylinders firing up a national anthem of redwhiteblue flames, the dual exhaust rattling, the dashboard humming, the 666-horsepower hot rod easing out of the parking lot then savagely picking up speed through a swaying field of wheat or barley or corn or oat—the colossal sky overhead draped in that sublime shade of Elysian blue only seen on the Discovery Channel in make-believe resolution. A sky without a cloud, without one ephemeral ribbon to district us from this Technicolor vision of blue and gold and the hot rod’s rumbling red . . . Omaha. O-ma-ha. The name pinning itself to this country-western landscape. To this halcyon highway which loses its concreteness among the infinite prairie grass . . .
666 pounds of torque purring up and down his superhairy spine Giacomo props his black combat boots up on the dashboard. “Alright,” he growls. “Let’s fucking see what we’re fucking dealing with here,” flipping through his new guidebook. “Now for your fucking information, Mr. Winnerbilt, the word Omaha means ‘Dwellers on the bluff.’ Got it? Dwellers on the fucking bluff. And it fucking says here that, and I fucking quote, ‘It was a certain French fur trader by the name of Pierre-Charles Le Sueur, who in the year 1700, became the first European to meet and greet the Omaha tribe on the banks of the Big Sioux River. Just a short walk away from what would later become Sioux City, Iowa.’”
Peter shifts into 4th gear. Two or three herds of bison stampede across the windshield. “I don’t see any bluffs or cliffs. This has to be the flattest place on earth.”
“Oh they’re fucking there. You just have to fucking know how to look, Mr. Winnerbilt.” Giacomo licks his superhairy finger, turns the page. “‘In 1804, the Lewis and Clark Expedition, commissioned by President Thomas Jefferson with the goal, among others, to accurately explore and chart the country’s recent Louisiana Purchase from Napoleon Bonaparte, successfully forded the Missouri River near the spot where, in 1854, the fair city of Omaha would be majestically raised from out of the cracked clay of the earth by exhausted, California-dreaming adventurers and pioneers.’” 
“What happened to the Omaha?”
“Oh come on, Mr. Winnerbilt—what the fuck do you think happened to them?” Giacomo flipping through the pages. “‘Logan Fontenelle, the eldest son of a French-American fur trader and a respected Omaha tribeswoman, was the official interpreter for the tribe during negotiations,’” Giacomo flipping through the pages, “‘. . . Agent James M. Gatewood, of the U.S. Office of Indian Affairs . . . extraordinary pressure from Washington to ensure unimpeded westward expansion,’” Giacomo flipping through the pages, “‘ . . . ceded control of East Central Nebraska in exchange for annuity payments and U.S. Army protection from Sioux aggression,’” Giacomo flipping through the pages. “Okay, here you fucking go.” Giacomo pauses, growls. “‘Within a few years of the signing of the treaty of 1854, the Omaha were peacefully escorted to the Omaha Reservation.’ And that, Mr. Winnerbilt, is just another fucking day in the U.S. of motherfucking A.”
Peter frowns a pouty frown as he steers the rumbling hot rod up an exit ramp and up into a motionless construction zone with headless hardhats, shovels, saws, mixing trucks with no concrete, bulldozers with no breastplates, yellow cranes like tombstones over the stillborn structures of downtown Omaha . . . 
The two or three cofounders pull up to a red light.
 “I didn’t realize the airport was so close to the city,” Peter scrolling through his smartphone, whispering, “the hotel should be around here somewhere,” pouty eyes squinting through the asphyxiating sunlight. “That looks like a baseball stadium over there,” the heat drying up his mouth, his lungs. “We should check out a game tomorrow. After the Presentation.” 
Deep in his new guidebook Giacomo like definitely doesn’t say anything. He just picks at his beard and turns the page.
“You’re right. It’s way too hot for baseball,” Peter dialing up the air conditioning. “It’s way too hot for anything . . .” 
Green light.
Not trees. Petrified years is what they are. Fossilized eons scattered across Omaha’s traffic-free business district. The supercharged V8 chugging along the corporate ghost town, guzzling up the really bright silence . . .
“Things to fucking see in and around fucking Omaha,” Giacomo reading out loud. “‘If one ventures just a couple of miles south of Omaha one is sure to run into the state’s second oldest settlement, the city of Bellevue, Nebraska. Originally established as a trading post, Bellevue is now home to Offutt Air Force Base. The same base where, as some of our older readers may remember, the Enola Gay and Bockscar, the B-29 Superfortresses which dropped the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, were constructed.’” Giacomo turns the page. “‘During the Cold War the base also served as the headquarters for Strategic Air Command,’” Giacomo scratching his mangy muzzle, “‘and perhaps our readers would be interested to know that, from 1960 to 1964, nine intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) were stored at two or three different launch facilities in the Greater Omaha area. Each ICBM capable of delivering a 1.4-megaton, thermonuclear warhead to a target up to 9000 miles away.” Giacomo picks his beard. “Our readers would do well to bear in mind that 1 megaton is equal to 1000 kilotons, and that 1 kiloton is equal to 1000 tons of TNT. To help put the ICBM’s destructive power in perspective, we suggest our readers spend a few quiet seconds reflecting on the following. The bomb which was dropped on Hiroshima, codename Little Boy, denoted with an official yield of 13.1 kilotons, and is estimated to have resulted in over 70,000 immediate deaths. Whereas the bomb which was dropped on Nagasaki, codename Fat Man, although much more powerful than its predecessor (with an official blast yield of 23.1 kilotons), due to Nagasaki’s hilly terrain, and due to the weather over Japan on August 9, 1945, resulted in approximately 40,000 to 60,000 immediate deaths.’”
Giacomo snorts. “Jesus fucking Christ. Can you fucking believe that—‘Little Boy’ and ‘Fat Man’? What were those motherfuckers thinking . . . ”
The air conditioning totally useless, his patrician pores soiled with salt, Peter steadies himself on the steering wheel. He shifts down into 2nd.  
Giacomo keeps reading—“‘Visitors to Omaha may also wanna stop by the Strategic Air and Space Museum, and spend a thrilling, fact-filled day admiring the various aircraft and nuclear missiles currently on display. Open seven days a week, the museum is conveniently located along interstate 80 . . .’” 
The hot rod steamrolls up to the hotel. Peter shifts into neutral, pulls the handbrake. “Finally,” pouty lips muttering as the two or three cofounders fall out into the core . . .
Air like molasses. Smell of burning tar rising up from the pavement . . .
Dragging his gym bag, his briefcase, Mr. Winnerbilt barely makes it through the rotating glass doors, Giacomo a calm step behind him, picking his beard and reading—“Lincoln, Nebraska, nicknamed the Holy City on account of all of its churches, can be reached by . . .’” 
Peter staggering up to the reception desk, banging the service bell, asking himself at what temperature does blue blood boil? . . .
“Sorry about the heat, boys,” the older than old concierge passing them their room keys. “There’s a problem with the air conditioning. Should be fixed by next week.” The grandpa’s head nodding off over the counter, oxygen tubes stuffed up his nostrils, IV bags dripping teasing drops of life into his withered veins, his totally chafed face spotted with birthmarks, ingrown hairs, zits, pimple-popping defiance.
Giacomo laughs and grabs his room key.
“I don’t believe this,” Mr. Winnerbilt moaning. “Is this legal?”
The grandpa turns up his oxygen supply. Licks his tubes and scrapes the wax from his ears. “I don’t know what you mean, sonny. You’ll have to go down to the Dairy Queen to find yourself a gal . . .”
Two or three fainting fits later, Peter drops his gym bag and slouches back against the sizzling elevator, his silver sweatpants baggy with sweat, his trademark hoodie heavier than heavy. Giacomo reading out loud to him as all the invisible floors go broiling by—“Did you fucking know that Omaha has the largest population of Sudanese refugees in the whole fucking country?”
“I don’t care,” Peter rubbing his temples. “I need to lie down before I pass out . . .”
“Jesus fucking Christ. I didn’t know all you motherfuckers were so melodramatic. Here, give me your fucking laptop and just go take a fucking nap or jerk off. I’ll run the fucking test.”
Peter reaches into his briefcase and hands Giacomo an ultrathin laptop. “Thank you,” trying to breathe. “I’ll meet you downstairs for dinner at seven. Please don’t forget to shower and shave. And find some nice clothes for tomorrow.”
Our favorite superhero smiles a sinister smile. “Of course. No fucking problem . . . But did you fucking know that Omaha—” 
A 5-star sauna. A burial chamber in the sky. The ultrathin laptop buzzing beside him on the bed. Buzzing and running the beta test next to a sticky mass of tissues while Giacomo’s star-spangled merino wool socks hang happily over the edge . . . the windows open, the blinds drawn shut, a ceiling fan whirling uselessly overhead, an Ancient Egyptian soap opera on the flatscreen TV . . . mummies and pharaohs, Queen Nefertiti struggling against the sun god Ra, Giacomo’s superhairy dick in his supersteady paws, a sparkle of precum on the swollen purple head, a growling in his throat as Anubis and Isis make a guest appearance, as the laptop buzzes, as the truelove algorithm matches profiles to life-or-death scenarios . . .
Two or three tissues, two or three hours later, our favorite superhero calmly rolls off the bed, calmly draws back the shades and leans his bulging bronze forehead against the floor-to-ceiling glass. He wipes the sweat off his Abraham eyes and looks out into this hazy twilight (reddish orange, reddish yellow, reddish black). He looks out and cracks his neck, cracks it twice, realizing with a delicious kiss-kiss up and down his spine that in the last two or three hours he hasn’t coughed or sneezed or puked or nothing! Like not even once! So to celebrate this totally feel-good turn of events Giacomo grabs his Superman boxer briefs off the nightstand, laces up his black combat boots, tears a strip out of the bed sheets, and ties a white sweatband round and round his really shaggy head. Then he slips his room key, his wallet, deep down into his Superman boxer briefs. Whistling, dancing, whistling he strolls out into the hallway with his favorite book at his side. Because he’s like sure as fuck in the mood for a nice long walk . . .
Beige carpet flowing like molten metal under his boots, Giacomo strolling through the abandoned lobby, the concierge missing in action, or maybe just withered out of existence along with all the pretty flowers in all the pretty vases, Giacomo picking at his beard and happily reading his guidebook, strolling out through the rotating doors and strolling down Omaha’s Old Market neighborhood, a neighborhood which had once, according to his trusty ol’ guidebook, been clickety-clanked by horse-drawn carriages, by Wells Fargo stagecoaches . . . Giacomo strolling from covered sidewalk to covered sidewalk, poke-a-poking his sweatband in and out of the rowdy saloons, the cash-only brothels, swiveling his Moses eyes from side to side and watching the pistol-shooting bank robbers flee on horseback, two or three bodies embalmed in dust, telegraph operators finger-tapping for help, the sheriff dead, his deputies dying, the federal marshal a week’s ride away, vigilante posses swearing vengeance, bad boy bounty hunters haggling over the reward money, seven-day manhunts, thirty-second gunfights at the O.K. corral . . . Comanche. John Wayne. Good ol’ Clint keeping the undertaker busy . . .
Whistling, sweating, whistling our favorite superhero closes his book and tap-a-taps his chest. He looks up and studies the digital string unspooling a few feet above his mangy muzzle. He nods, nods twice and reaches down deep into his Superman boxer briefs. He pulls out his liquor-soggy wallet and strolls inside . . . 
An extra-large soda, an extra-large popcorn, and an extra-red slushie cradled in his arms like a litter of extra-sweet puppies, Giacomo strolls into the empty theater, happy, happy as a Chicago street fighter could ever be . . . He plops himself down in the middle seat of the middle row, his black combat boots propped up on the seat in front, a pair of 3D glasses balanced on his walnut nose, the air conditioning rearranging his scruffy ruffian’s face into a toddler’s toothless giggle. Because this is like definitely as good as it fucking gets . . .
The opening sequence is an orgy of cremation, countless cities incinerated by great balls of fire, suburbs in smoke, oceans vaporized, Giacomo burping and realizing that he’s fucking missed the previews! But wait a second, hold on, what’s this, for the first time in his twentysomething life, Giacomo Jones doesn’t, doesn’t give one flying fuck about missing the previews! Oh boy, oh jeez, not one flying fuck . . . Giacomo stuffs his bushy brown snout down deep into the bag of buttery kernels. Giacomo munches and burps and watches one really lucky ship escape the apocalyptic inferno—the ship sailing into deeper than deep space, its massive hull slick and sharp against the all-pervading emptiness . . . Chewing on two or three straws Giacomo closes his Elijah eyes and sees himself whistling and dancing down those cavernous corridors. Sees himself whistling and dancing with his mom, his pops, his older brothers and baby sis. Sees them all leaving this smoldering planet behind and fluttering like one impossibly beautiful metal butterfly through the quiet, quiet aether. Giacomo groaning and slurping on his soda. Because his childhood friends are up there too. He sees them all just the way they were before they got taken away from him by the drugs, the gangs. He even sees his college friends. Sees them just the way they were before they got taken away from him by the 21st century. Giacomo groaning and slurping on his redder than red slushie. Because his entire generation is up there too. He sees them all just the perfectly perfect way they were down at Occupy Wall Street for two or three cynic-converting months . . . And of course, Giacomo groaning, Giacomo slurping, he sees himself whistling and dancing up and down that massive ship with his one truelove. With me with me with me! . . . But where are we going? Where is the ship heading? Well that like definitely doesn’t matter. Because all that matters is that we’re sure as fuck leaving these hand-me-down ruins behind. This ossified inequality. This mass-produced despair. We’ll let it all burn. Use it as fuel for the long journey toward that totally blank canvas. Because we’re gonna paint a new picture of humanity. One that’s easy on the soul and doesn’t ever ever—ever fade . . . And the doubters? The disbelievers? The ones who say we’ll never get there. That there is no such place. Well what about ‘em? The ship’s too far ahead, the signal’s too faint. We’ve passed the rings of Saturn and we ain’t accepting no collect fucking calls from no sexless skeptics! . . . And even if we could hear ‘em, the ship’s like definitely not about to turn back. It’s not about to stop after all this progress. So I say, we say, let the others stay on the ground. Let ‘em choke-a-choke on the ashes of history if that’s what they really want. Because nothing’s going to stop this supercute butterfly from finding a way there. Oh she’ll find a way. Or make one . . . Giacomo groaning and rubbing the buttery kernels all over his superhairy chest, eyes closed, eyes totally closed as the 7.1 surround sound vibrates his insides . . . the words drifting in and out, in and out . . . coolant system leaking . . . reactor meltdown imminent . . . a traitor on board . . . abandon ship! . . . two or three totally cramped escape pods . . . passengers glaring at each other, plotting their revenge . . . but was it him? her? you? me? . . . 
“Excuse me, sir,” someone poke-a-poking themselves in and out of the spaceship, “I’m going to have to ask you to leave. I don’t know who let you in here looking like that. But you have to go.”
Calmly lifting himself up off the seat, kernels trapped in his beard, tangled in his buttery chest curls, our favorite superhero rubs the soda-slush from his John the Baptist eyes. He growls at the security guard. “Are you fucking sure this is what you fucking want? Do you think this is going to fucking help you? Do you think this fucking job is going to fucking save you when I fucking come?”
“If you just get your stuff and go, I won’t call the cops.” 
“Fine,” Giacomo calmly picking up his guidebook and his extra-large bag of popcorn, “have it your fucking way. But when I fucking come, I’ll be sure to look for your fucking ass,” our favorite superhero strolling out of the movie theater with his Chicago dignity held high . . . 
Wait a second, hold on, are those red lights? Are those blue lights? Are those—sirens! FUCK SHIT FUCK! It’s a John Dillinger-style ambush! Oh that Brutus! That Judas!
Seven billion Tasers pointed at his Superman boxer briefs, Giacomo Jones takes a really quick second to wish upon a South Side star, then tosses up his extra-large bag of buttery popcorn with a “Fuck all you fascist motherfuckers!” rebel yell that sends squad cars flipping, swat teams cringing—our favorite superhero pivoting on his black combat boots and diving down an alley tunnel . . . Bang bang!—he swerves and dodges—Bang bang!—he swerves and dodges—Bang bang!—he swerves and dodges and charges off into this night with no end. No cooldown switch or off button or nothing nothing nothing! Giacomo leaping and leaping from coal-hot boardwalk to coal-hot boardwalk, the Old Market aglow with radioactive fallout, turn of the century waste, post-Chernobyl isotopes and weapon’s grade uranium—Giacomo leaping and leaping all the way out past the moon-stricken construction site to where the coyotes creep and the spirits feast on the carcass of the things that might have been . . . Grinning like a cracked out Cheshire cat, his DNA tingling, his guidebook held up to his human heart, our favorite superhero takes a quicker than quick breather in a chicken coop or a pigsty or a manger or in one of those animal farm kinda places . . . Giacomo wiping his unibrow and raising his Jesus eyes. Because what the fuck’s that up ahead? Could it be a cliff? a ridge? a bluff! Giacomo wading through a waist-high patch of prairie then climbing up two or three boulderlike bleachers. Climbing all the way up past the nosebleed seats to where the toxic comets weep and the nightingales breed . . . Giacomo Jones climbing to the top of his world and staring out at a burnt black wasteland with no trees, no farms, no cuter than cute sheep—the desolation just stretching and stretching and doing nothing but stretching until it like totally blurs away into myopic vagueness at our mind’s end . . . Giacomo standing with his supersteady paws on his Superman boxer briefs, sirens wailing somewhere in the distance, the distance, the distance. Giacomo chewing on the eternal question—yay or nay, or nay yay, or—but since we’re all definitely way, way past that, Giacomo calmly, calmly spits over his world. Spits twice. Then swallows away the trail of possibility. Because tomorrow’s like definitely the biggest day of his twentysomething life. Because it’s like definitely time for him to pull that fucking trigger and be all he can be . . . A sinister smile on his mangy muzzle, his Muhammad eyes staring off into a totally blank canvas our favorite superhero sticks an alien paw down his boxer briefs as the sublunary wind tries its very best to untie the triple-knotted tips of his sweatband. Giacomo groans and flicks the superhairy dice as far as he possibly can. Then jumps . . . 
#
“Ladies and gentlemen. Please bear with me for a moment—and close your eyes. I wanna take you back in time. I want each of you to remember your first kiss. I want each of you to remember that tickling sensation you felt up and down your spine when your juicy lips first met another pair of juicy lips. Remember that surge of excitement. Remember that wet promise of undying perfection . . . Now hold that kiss, and picture your first breakup. Feel all those snakes in the pit of your stomach. Feel them squirm right under your bellybutton. Feel them eating away at your fairy tale ending . . . Okay, now what if I told you that you could live a life filled with only first kisses. A life without dissatisfaction. Without resentment. What if I told you that each of you here today could live a life of undiminishing potential? Because isn’t that what truelove really is? The feeling that the best is yet to come. That all of this is only the beginning of something extraordinary. Something delicious . . . What if, ladies and gentlemen, you could feel this orgasmic optimism every second of every minute of every hour of every day? Now wouldn’t that be something? Now wouldn’t that be something worth investing in?” 
A spacious, wood-paneled boardroom. An elliptical conference table. Printed slides and highlighted excel sheets. Three-ring binders and one mesmerizing projection screen.
“Of course, you’re probably telling yourself that this is all nice and swell and everything, but you’re not in the business of nice and swell. Well, believe you me—neither am I. If I were sitting in your seats, listening to all this liberal hogwash, I’d demand to see our five-year plan. I’d demand to see our key metrics and our go-to-market strategy. I’d demand to see the data for Christ’s sake! . . . Well you don’t have to worry, because my business partner right here is just itching for the chance to show you as much data as it takes to convince you that investing in Beloved Entropy is not only the prudent, not only the profitable—but is the necessary thing for you to do with your hard-earned money . . . But first, first I want each of you to ask yourselves how many people do you personally know who wouldn’t be more than willing to pay just a small monthly subscription fee to be completely broken out of their boring lives and rebuilt into a life of uninterrupted passion? Because that’s what we offer with Beloved Entropy. We offer you the chance to be matched with the one scenario that’s guaranteed to take you to your edge, whatever that edge may be—and beyond it. We promise to break you mentally, physically, and emotionally. It doesn’t matter how smart or tough you think you are. Everyone breaks . . . But you won’t be alone. No, you’ll be able to watch someone else suffer just as much as you’re suffering. You’ll watch them break. And they’ll watch you break. And then, once you’ve been stripped down to the buttery kernel of the self, you’ll have the choice of either fusing with someone who’s seen you at your lowest and who wants to help rebuild you with a lifetime of rapturous sex. Or. Or you can die . . . Now who wouldn’t be more than willing to pay just a small monthly subscription fee for something like that?”
Clapping. So much clapping.
“Thank you. Thank you very much . . . Now to provide you with a brief overview of our proprietary algorithm, let me present to you Beloved Entropy’s data guru—Mr. Giacomo Jones!”
One human hand in his camo cargo pants our favorite superhero calmly, calmly spins away from the floor-to-ceiling windows, and like an intercontinental ballistic missile raised into firing position, quietly stands up, and quietly, quietly presents his very hard cock. He slaps the superhairy payload down on the conference table. He slaps it twice. 
“Ladies and fucking gentlemen!” vocal chords igniting, papers and pens scattering. “Ladies and fucking gentlemen this planet is fucked and we’ve got to get the fuck off before it’s too fucking late! We’ve got to save our immortal fucking souls!” Giacomo eyes raging, raging with Chicagoland glory—“So which one of you motherfuckers wants to come with me! Ey! I said which one of you motherfuckers wants to come with me! Ey! I said which one of you motherfuckers wants to fucking come!” our favorite superhero groaning and squeezing a massive swirl of everyman-blue, prophetic-red, salvation-yellow semen out of his very hard cock. Squeezing and squeezing till he’s colored in a “Giacomo Jones swallows Peter Pan” cartoon all over his business partner’s shiny suit, all over his silver bowtie. Squeezing and squeezing till he’s given the Fortune 500 boardroom a revolutionary paint job. Squeezing and squeezing till he’s purged the earth of all its postmodern sin and there’s nothing left inside him but a softer than soft whisper. A whisper which then flutters out the floor-to-ceiling windows to where its preordered ride awaits . . .
#
Fasten seatbelts. Activate navigation system. 
“I’m still waiting for a thank you. You have no idea how many favors I had to call in so that they wouldn’t press charges. All you have to do is never ever show your face in Omaha again. That shouldn’t be a problem, right?”
Maintain radio silence. All systems go.
“I didn’t think so. Don’t worry, that’s all I’m going to say about the whole thing. I don’t wanna ask you about it. I don’t even wanna think about it. Just drive us back to the hotel so that we can pick up our bags and get the hell out of this desert.”
Main engine start. 
“I think it goes without saying that I can’t have anything to do with you from here on out. I’ll be moving forward with Beloved Entropy on my own. But since you did somehow manage to get the algorithm up and running, I’m not going to ask you to pay me back the money I loaned you. Just consider your stake in the company forfeited.”
Manually release yourself from your material conditions. Engage 1st gear.
“We also need to talk about Sophie. I was going to tell you at dinner last night, but you were already off doing whatever it is you people do . . . Point is, Sophie and I have been seeing each other on and off since she joined the team.”
Reconfigure transponder to receive only 80’s and 90’s hip hop transmissions.
“Turn that down. I’m not in the mood to listen to your thug music . . . Point is, now that they’ve offered Sophie a part on the Pizza Boy Show or whatever the hell it’s called, I’m thinking about telling my fiancé about us. Who knows, maybe we’ll even move in together. I don’t think my fiancé would mind, and I’ve always wanted to have an actress for a girlfriend. Even if it’s only a TV actress . . . Listen, Giacomo—I’m sorry. I really am. But we can’t all be Winnerbilts. That’s just not the way the cookie crumbles. Some of us are just Jones. Just plain old Jones . . . Point is, Sophie and I are a better fit. We’re much more compatible. I’ve already asked her old man to take a look at my real estate portfolio.”
Jettison the cargo of morality.
“After thinking about it some more, it makes sense that the algorithm matched you and Zoe up. You both don’t know how to adapt. You’re just a rebel without a cause who doesn’t realize how ridiculous his principles are. And she won’t let go of her infantile notions of what life after college is supposed to be . . . Why don’t you try to be a little bit more like me? I made it through my twenties just fine. I didn’t turn them into a life-or-death scenario. I thought I told you not to get on the highway. We need to stop by the hotel.”
Increase speed to 80 mph. Leave your narcissism in the rearview mirror.
“Easy, I don’t feel like dealing with any of these state trooper morons.”
Switch off the social contract. 90, 105, 110 mph. 
“What the hell are you doing—slow down!”
115, 125, 130 mph. Disengage existential boosters. Zero in on your hubris.
“I said slow down!”
135, 140, 145 mph. Pick your kryptonite. Embrace the ecstasy. Smile a sinister smile.
“Watch out!” 
Become an idea. A legend.
. . .
Chapter Twelve
Cement and rollercoaster-sky trading places, flipping views, the massive shockwave ripping through the rain and there like definitely wasn’t time to duck or hide or pray or nothing as shop windows shattered, car alarms squealed like soon-to-be slaughtered cattle, and my superlong legs were violently swept up into a totally embarrassing V for vertigo headstand . . . All the kinky city lights swapping dominant top for submissive bottom. All you shameless voyeurs out there sneaking a dirtier than dirty peek at the worn-through soles of my worn-out sneakers without even asking or giving me candy or chocolate or sunflowers or one Sacagawea dollar or like nothing nothing nothing! . . . Ouch. Double ouch. Flat on my back and spread eagle, my button nose bleeding, a stream of humiliating raindrops giggling down my chinny chin chin I closed my owl eyes and like definitely didn’t put up a fight when that very familiar trail of plastic bags coiled itself like a psychedelic anaconda round and round my neck then quickly quickly reeled me away from the horrible scene of the horrible accident—florescent pebbles tearing into my favorite sweater and scraping the bluewhite stripes down to a road rash-red, my canvas tote bag hurrying after me and like actually trying its very best to catch up but I didn’t give one flying fuck if it did or didn’t because all I could think of was like why did she have to go and do it! Like why-oh-why did she have to go and cheat on him! Like why did she have to go and stab him in the back like that! Like why why why did she have to go and ruin our housewarming party! . . . A sidewalk crack broke my back, a Jew-baiting curb stomped my dizzier than dizzy head in, and I like definitely thought I heard my jaw pop, my neck snap, my human heart lose a beat or two or three . . . The big black night sitting on my face. The big black night sitting on my face and farting, farting twice while some supercute, superstubborn part of me held on tighter than tight to the end of the line . . . An ultraviolent tug on the other end. Two or three ultraviolent tugs on the other end and then my one and only lifeline went as limp as Peter’s pouty dick used to get after our nightly vial of pure Columbian cocaine . . . I gasped, I opened my bat eyes and groaned as five condom-fingers wiggled themselves up my runny, my bloody nostrils. The latex gloves brutally lifting Zoe to her useless feet . . . Ugh, where was I? I like definitely didn’t recognize the skyline or the asphalt. There were way too many projects, way too many potholes. I turned and tried my very best to free myself from this vice of smelly bodies pressing in on my personal space. But before I could like even take half a step in the right direction someone’s bastard shadow grunted and elbowed me forward without an apology or a kiss-kiss or a hug or a nothing! Too tired, too weak to look for a different way out, my chipped teeth chattering, my dizzy head bent low to avoid any freezing shrapnel from the ego-piercing shells still blitzing the Island Kingdom I picked a redgreen booger out of my swollen nose and hugged my bloated self, then shuffle-a-shuffled forward and like definitely didn’t look up when a tiny wet ticket was shoved into my shaking, my Ashkenazi hands. Because just like my great-grandparents before me all I could do was not believe as I was brutally prodded and kicked and herded up a ramp and up into some kinda shed or furnace or shower room . . . Oh if only there’d been time for one last orgasm. I pinky swear I’d go smiling to the scaffold after one more, just one more, really nice, really rough fuck . . . All my inherited fears melting away the second I focused on the radiant girl hovering in the doorway up ahead. Waving me out of the colder than cold rain with a shadow-parting smile . . . I sneezed. I sneezed twice and stepped inside the warmer than warm light . . . 
Brushing back her bangs the supercute twentysomething smoothed out all the wrinkles in her hospital-white smock and tenderly pulled the tiny ticket out of my rigor mortis grip. Then she pushed back her glasses and handed Zoe a plastic tray piled high with steaming colors, steaming smells. Too numb, too hungry to understand I held the tray tight to my shivering chest and took my place at the end of the muttering caterpillar creep-a-creeping through the kitchen. Creep-a-creeping into the church . . . 
Oh boy, oh jeez, I like definitely couldn’t remember the last time I’d been in a real church. I mean we like never even went to temple growing up so it must have like definitely been on some really fun trip to Europe or something when Daddy took me to see all the amazing medieval architecture. All the cool crucifixes. (Mrs. Miriam Dreamstein was probably sunbathing at the hotel.) But like apart from the stained glass windows and the crosses, this church sure as fuck didn’t look like any church I’d ever been in. Not even close. I mean there like weren’t any pews or booths to sit in. There was just an open space with a bunch of picnic tables crammed in tight between the supporting pillars and the wooden altar up front. On top of which, sadly, instead of the Ark of the Covenant or the Holy Grail or the head of Saint Catherine of Siena or the sword of Ali or some other really awesome relic, a bulky TV with a forklike antenna was buzz-a-buzzing the local news . . . More than a little disappointed I swiveled my dizzy head round and round but since I couldn’t see my harpy tour guide anywhere I swallowed my shyness and plopped my scarecrow self down in the first empty seat I could find, sneaking a quicker than quick peek at my new playmates . . . Sitting straight across from me, a bleach-blonde street urchin who must have like definitely thought he was Slim Shady had already cleared his tray and was stuffing his mouth full of yummy-yummy M&M’s. To his left, a middle-aged black mime with magenta tears painted on his powdered face was feeding his invisible baby with his lemon lips and winking at the elderly Indian couple sitting nervously on the other side of the table. I blinked. I blinked twice because I could have like totally sworn on my ancestors’ mass grave at Chelmno that I had seen this couple before. What with their toothless craters in their copper death masks. What with their skeleton claws poking out from underneath their camelhair trenchcoats . . . But it like definitely must have been in a past life. Or in a galaxy far, far away . . . Ears and nose and prefrontal cortex twitching I pulled a slightly bent spoon out of its napkin cocoon and took a really suspicious bite of the macaroni, the cheese. It was warm. It was really nice and warm . . . I sampled the carrots, the broccoli, the canned peaches and buttered pumpernickel bread. Chewing, moaning, chewing I ate and swiveled my head round and round. There must have been at least thirty or so other tables. Each table packed tight with the citizens of that other NYC. That scrotum city colonized at some point in underworld time by jailbird humanoids, disabled vets, expat gauchos and laid-off mystics of all ages, all races. I took another bite of the macaroni, the cheese, and watched what obviously had to be a volunteer twirl from table to table with a pitcher of water. Like a gardening dervish or a Red Cross hostess. Refilling empty glasses and smiling genuine smiles . . . I took another bite of the macaroni, the cheese, and wondered what my really successful, really Polish parents would think if they I knew I was sitting in a church right now. At a soup kitchen. And if they knew I like definitely wasn’t volunteering . . . Would they call 911? Would they fly in from Florida? Drive down from the suburbs? No. Zoe shook her dizzy head no—no way. Because they’d like probably just frown and say it was another one of my “phases” or whatever. That I’d like obviously get over this one too . . . I gulped. I stared across the crowded cafeteria at the supercute girl with glasses and black bangs. I watched her lean against one of the stained glass windows. Watched her talk and laugh with another volunteer. A hot goofy guy wearing an extra-large denim apron and a camouflage patterned bowtie . . . I gulped, I stared, and they must have like obviously felt my very hungry gaze because they both turned and slowly, slowly smiled a sympathetic smile at little ol’ Zoe. I blushed as something squeezed itself into my bloated core—like right below my bellybutton. I took my last bite of the nice macaroni, the warm cheese, and thought that I sure as fuck didn’t wanna ever go back to that smoggy spectacle up there. No way. I closed my black cat eyes. I laid my dizzy head down on the sticky tray and tried my very best to remember my sunny suburban childhood. When this whole thing seemed so much, clearer . . . 
A TV buzzed in the corner of my lavender reminiscences. A local news report droning on and on about the record-breaking opening weekend of some hit sci-fi movie or other . . . 
A couple hundred million dollars later, a couple Oscars later I heard a honeysuckle voice whisper in my left ear. “I’m really sorry. But you have to go now.”
I blinked. I blinked twice. “Wha-wha-whaaat?” lifting my dizzy head off the tray, the supercute girl leaning over the table, her square-framed glasses resting on the adorable tip of her adorable little nose. 
The volunteer brushed back her bangs. Smiled. “I know, I’m sorry. It’s just that we’re closing now. You can come back tomorrow though.”
Seriously confused and seriously about to scream I swiveled my dizzy head round and round but there definitely wasn’t anything to see. My table was like totally empty. Almost all the picnic tables were like totally empty and were being folded then carted off by two or three burly men in plain white overalls . . .
I started to cry and shake. I stuttered— “Oh, I, di, di, didn’t, kno— ” 
“Shh, don’t worry about it,” hushing Zoe with a neck and shoulder massage. “Now if there’s anything specific that we can do for you, just let us know.” The girl smiled and pointed a supercute finger (candy apple nail polish) at the only table left in the ecclesiastical café. Zoe had to blink and squint to read the cardboard signs offering free legal advice, free substance abuse treatment, free sexual assault counseling and free job-hunt assistance.
“We’re here to help you,” honeysuckle whispers in my ear. “All you have to do is ask. Just ask.”
The nicer than nice words racking my body like some sort of exorcism or epileptic fit I held my breath and thought really hard about going over there. Because I mean we’d probably have a lot to talk about. Like all things considered or what not . . . But then the bone-cracking convulsions and the facial tics ebbed away like they always did so I just wiped the froth off my mouth and shook my stubborn head no.
The cute girl smiling a sympathetic smile and twirling off toward the wooden altar, the hot goofy guy waiting for her with a purplegreen wine bottle in his hot goofy hands . . . Blushing and wobbling to my feet I bussed my tray then dragged my superlong legs toward the heavy church doors. Pausing on my way out to read the black and white flyers taped above the mahogany gates . . . Missing persons. Missing lives. I squinted and scanned the blurry blobs for any sign of the legendary Giacomo Jones. Of my Giacomo Jones . . . But I like definitely couldn’t find him anywhere and I sure as fuck didn’t know if that was a supergood or a superbad thing . . . Licking the cheese off my lips, holding my tote bag close to my shivering chest I blew a kiss up at the blurry blobs, mumbled my goodbyes, then led Zoe out for one last splash . . .
Sirens were wailing a little ways down 9th Avenue, and except for a few hooded shadows huddled up underneath a creaky fire escape, smoking a menthol cigarette or a spliff or a crack pipe or something, I was like pretty much the only living creature still out—tonight? Ugh I like definitely didn’t know what time or day or life it was. I like definitely didn’t know anything. My bloated core still reeling with hungry snakes I lowered my dizzy head and waded through this really dark, really scary quagmire, my bearings totally jumbled by the grayblack city, by this thicker than thick fog of war . . . Cars and trucks rowing past me. Flooding Zoe with their headlights as we all floated down this stupefyingly long hangover together . . . Cliffs of misinterpretation crumbling on all sides. Masochistic whirlpools behind and in front . . . As we all floated down this self-signifying drain which just kept on going and going and going and going and going and going and going and—NO! Stop. This all seriously had to stop. Like right now! I gritted my chipped teeth, I pulled harder than hard at that same knot of nasty hair and hauled my superlong legs out of the choppy, the nowhere-bound current . . .
Way beyond good and evil or whatever I splashed my exhausted self into the nearest alley tunnel and slumped back against a bubbling dumpster. Letting my swollen knees break me down to the grimy pavement so that this interstellar storm could just hurry up and finish drowning my Hollywood dreams. Because my truelove rom-com was like all just one big blur now. There were just way too many puzzle pieces missing. Plus I seriously didn’t even know if it still qualified as a rom-com or not. I just hoped. I just really really hoped it wasn’t an urban documentary or anything horribly horrible like that . . . But either way it was obviously never ever going to get finished. And obviously Zoe was never ever going to get ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich. Never ever going to celebrate my directorial debut by popping bottles of Dom Pérignon with all the heartthrob actors, with all the fast-talking producers, with all my fans. Because it’d just be another one of those things. Just another one of Zoe’s “phases” or whatever. And it’s not like we could finish it even if we wanted to. Because that Deutschland bitch had like definitely done something to Giacomo! Ugh everything would’ve been perfectly perfect if it weren’t for that backstabbing LA whore and her slutty greengold lamb eyes! Panting with rage, Zoe’s human heart banging up against my extra-small ribcage I screamed and screamed and emptied out my tote bag on the sidewalk. Dumping out my apartment keys, my headphones, my ultrathin laptop, my favorite clutch wallet from my favorite thrift store in Brooklyn, my tampons, my pens, my pencils, my sticky notes, my bottles and bottles of prescription pills, my kinda new pocketknife, and my new Jolly Roger bolo tie. Still screaming Zoe grabbed the toy bottles and yanked the childproof lids off with my totally chipped teeth, rainbow-scattering all her yummy-yummy meds over my alley tunnel . . . staring and staring at the way the tasty treats glinted in the asphalt grease . . . scooping up a handful of Superman flavors (blue tablets, red pills, yellow capsules), stuffing it all right down my hungry little throat . . . gagging and wiping a blurry memory off my swollen cheek. Because I’d like totally forgotten about Precious. Because I mean what happened to us? Weren’t we like really good friends once? Weren’t we like best friends who always stayed up extra late and talked about all of our superstar goals in life? Didn’t we drink wine and watch movies? Didn’t we get high and have fun! Like once upon a perfectly perfect time . . . 
The sirens were wailing louder, closer now. Zoe winced as an ugly florescent light flashed her hiding spot—three totally hairless chests and one girl in a goldgreen dress photoshopped across the side of the honking bus. A Gollum-like gurgle choking our tiny throat I looked back down at our puddle of failure and grabbed one of the ballpoint pens. I lunged for the neon-pink pad of sticky notes . . .
Zoe!
Stop comparing yourself to other people! Stop worrying about the things you can’t change! Everything’s going to work out fine! All you have to do is sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride!
P.S. That bitchy girl from your gallery called. She said she found your glasses and your smartphone. She also said she wants to be best friends and she hopes you had a very merry Christmas!
P.P.S. Your parents called to let you know that they completely understand that you couldn’t make it home for Hanukah!
P.P.P.S. The landlord called to congratulate us for putting a plug in the leak!
P.P.P.P.S. I was just kidding about the whole moving out thing! Why don’t we get high!
Precious! 
Laughing, crying, laughing I glanced over the annoyingly compressed, annoyingly flawless handwriting. Then, just like we used to do in kindergarten, I creased and folded and creased and folded the little note into my favorite origami shape . . . Zoe’s mouth stuffed with another handful of Superman ice cream I flicked the neon-pink spaceship up into the night sky. I squinted and watched it fly up over the indentured streets, up over the rooftop plantations. I squinted and watched Giacomo and Zoe leave all this fabricated business behind. Because now I like totally understood that these last two or three years with Peter had actually just been a very intense, very traumatic, but very necessary foreplay session. That it had all just been to get Zoe good and ready for Giacomo. Because now I like totally understood that Giacomo Jones was our one truelove. That we were like totally meant to have superhairy kids and grow old together. That we were like totally meant to build our very own home on our very own planet. I nodded and squinted and cheered us on. But just as we were about to flutter off toward our perfectly perfect life together our neon-pink butterfly stalled over Manhattan, gave a heartbreaking yelp of distress, then nosedived à la Icarus all the way down down down into a swirling gutter . . .
The traitor still somewhere on board Zoe kicked and screamed and waved her superthin arms for help as our spaceship got sucked under the Island Kingdom. Zoe yelling Mayday Mayday. Zoe grabbing the pocketknife, the bolo tie. Zoe leaning over the street and while trying her very best to make some sort of castaway signal or poor man’s flare or something! I brilliantly remembered the advice Professor Amís had hummed to me. Zee must take zee control, ma chérie! Zee must take it! Yes yes! I nodded and squeezed my fists. Yes yes! I nodded and squeezed my fists till Zoe could feel metal cutting into her palms, unraveling our veins. Yes yes! I nodded and squeezed Zoe into one of the totally cramped escape pods. Glancing at the other passengers, plotting our revenge I stretched Zoe and her superlong legs straight out across the greasy asphalt, arms tight to my sides, real tight, the small of Zoe’s back flat against the pavement, thousands of shaper than sharp omens digging into my spine, tapping in our future coordinates two or three at a time, two or three at time . . . Stretched out like a rocket. A rocket aimed at Queens. Because we like definitely needed to flush out the traitor. Nodding and closing my Cerberus eyes. Because Zoe like definitely needed to get her affairs in order. Squeezing myself through time. Squeezing myself through these musical catacombs called space. Because Zoe like definitely needed to take her very legitimate grievances before a twentysomething tribunal if we were like actually going to detonate the doomsday device.
Warehouse Life Episode VI: Contact
Twentysomething breaths down under the Queensboro Bridge, where the Island Kingdom swirls into homogenous obscurity, ugly florescent lights are flickering on and off, on and off like swaying cigarette lighters at a classic rock concert, at a sold-out arena, the steel ceiling gushing tears of unrequited rust as a lone guitar shrieks, as a double bass drum pummels itself to grief, as a hopelessly romantic power ballad serenades the massive ship with the screwball sorrows of young Zoe—the girl who would be famous. The peeping tomboy who would like definitely definitely be richer than rich . . .
Strapped tight to that wobbly wooden chair with a neon-pink messenger harness, wearing her favorite sweater (coffee stripes, buttery popcorn stripes), her jeans totally ripped and smeared with city jetsam, city flotsam, Zoe Dreamstein sips on a skunked beer and watches the shock and awe offensive against the drywall favelas literally kickoff with a roundhouse kick, with two or three roundhouse kicks and a sledgehammer’s steady thud—a screeching chainsaw forcing itself through the plywood shingles, through the toothpick frame, a heavy broomstick sweeping up sawdust anthills, yeast cities, mouse turd constellations, tomato purée stalagmites, prehistoric liquor bottles, unidentified beer cans and bodies and bodies of really dirty but also really innocent clothes which cling to the heavy bristles like the flea-braided locks of some sort of Rastafarian mop or Rapunzel-like rake—the unwashed casualties brutally dragged this way and that across the Warehouse floor . . . sponging up the tar pits . . . this way and that . . . sponging up the olive oil reservoirs . . . this way and that . . . Zoe sipping on a skunked beer, listening to the one-hit wonder Nymphomaniacs, and bearing witness to this self-obliteration of what was once a home, a life, a post-Che Guevara paradise. Nostalgia like definitely setting in. Fermenting with each bitter gold sip . . .
Like a time-traveling pilgrim exiting an unlivable hot zone in climate-contaminated Jakarta (AD 2029), or a firebombed slaughterhouse in Dresden (AD 1945), Dylan wiggles his skinny stomach out of one of the condemned cabañas and pulls his gas mask off. He reaches behind his ear and pulls out a hand-rolled cigarette, then turns away from the Destruktion and walks over to the wobbly wooden chair, sledgehammer in hand, a gaping glory hole gaping overhead.
“What’s going on, Zoe?” he yawns, the hand-rolled cigarette dangling from his laughing lips. “You haven’t stopped by in a while.”
Lost in the middle of a supersmall sip, the water stretching toward her sneakers, Zoe nods and sighs. “I know, right? I’ve been like ridiculously busy with my film school application or whatever you wanna call it. I haven’t even had time to eat or think or nothing. I like seriously don’t know who I am anymore.”
Dylan drops the sledgehammer. Holds out a skinny hand. “That’s been known to happen . . . How’d the movie turn out?”
“Who knows,” Zoe tossing Dylan a beer from the six-pack at her feet. “I think the whole thing might be a huge bust. Just a whole lot of wasted time . . .”
“Sounds like a bummer,” Dylan slapping his skinny stomach, tilting his laughing head back and chug-a-chugging then throwing the beer across the massive hull. Totally missing the trashcan. Shrugging. 
Zoe pulls at that same knot of frizzy hair. She shivers as the water churns round and round her little socks. “It’s like definitely a bummer. A big bummer . . . How’s your grad school application coming along?”
“Oh that,” Dylan blowing a perfectly perfect smoke ring up toward the really high ceiling. “That’s on the backburner for now. I’ve got way too much going on. Too much to think about. I can’t waste my mind getting ready for the GRE. Especially not when it’s a well-known fact that taking a standardized test permanently lowers your IQ by 10 points . . .” Dylan yawning his way over to the makeshift gym. Dylan lifting a dumbbell off the floor, giving it a curl, giving it two or three curls on his way over to the “kitchen” to fix himself something to eat while Zoe stares at the disintegrating superstructure in front of her—jagged pieces of industrial-strength plywood dangling dangerously over the homemade huts, the drywall looking like a decomposing dinosaur with masticated wounds, festering orifices. All the cardboard entrails spilling out like spaghetti and revealing the whale-sized ribs of some half extinct, half forgotten Demiurge or Demogorgon or Deus . . . Zoe drinking her drinky and pulling at her frizzy hair as a pair of purple rain boots strides out of the hut furthest to the left (from Zoe’s perspective, obviously)—Wylie striding into the indoor clearing sweaty back first and tugging at a sheetless mattress. A mattress which he then yanks and throws in front of the wobbly wooden chair.
Wiping the sweat off his malnourished face Wylie plops himself down and rests his elbows on the cum/blood/urine stains. 
Wylie clears his throat. “What’s up with you?”
“Ugh, not much. I was just telling Dylan here how I can like pretty much say goodbye to all my Hollywood dreams because I like obviously have some kind of virus or bacteria or genetic disorder which like never ever lets me finish anything which means my life’s like totally over and I might as well be totally dead,” Zoe grabbing another beer from the six-pack at her feet, the water roiling up past her shins.
“Ha! Sounds like someone’s in the dumps,” Wylie laughing, Wylie plucking clumps and clumps of linty bread flour out of his malnourished belly button. “You need to lighten up, Zoe.
You’re in your twenties. I’m sure you’ll make it to Hollywood if that’s what you really want. Just be happy. Things will work out. They always do.”
“Uh, okay, that’s what Precious keeps saying. But it’s like definitely not as easy as all that. I mean the whole thing’s just a mess. A big mess. And it’s like definitely not Hollywood material. The plot’s too—too something. I don’t even know what it is anymore. But it’s obviously not Hollywood material, that’s for sure.”
“Fuck Hollywood,” Dylan yawning over the screeching chainsaw, his laughing head rummaging about in the broken mini fridge. “It’s a fact that they’re nothing but a bunch of apolitical sellouts over there. Just a bunch of mainstream neocons. Fuck ‘em all.”
Wylie frowns and wipes the sweat off his malnourished chest. “Don’t listen to him. He’s not a serious person. He doesn’t understand that we, as Americans, as college graduates, have a moral obligation to transform society. To expand the consciousness of the human race. To bridge the gap between the way things are, and the way things must be. And that means not, I repeat, and that means not turning reality into a cliché joke,” Wylie picking his malnourished nose, Wylie clearing his throat. “You should take a page out of this Don DeLillo novel I’ve been reading. It’s about this professor of Hitler studies who gets caught up in a matrix-bending toxic event. But what’s important is that this professor says all plots spiral deathwards. So maybe all you have to do to get to Hollywood is—”
The classic rock and the screeching chainsaw abruptly cut out. An obnoxiously loud kazoo-buzz echoes and echoes off the Warehouse walls . . .
“What was that!” someone screaming with glee.
Wylie’s face flashes red, danger-red. Wylie grits his teeth and lurches forward on the mattress, his jaw clamped tighter than tight, his jugular bulging as Syd scrambles down the aluminum ladder, hobbit-hopping over to the wobbly wooden chair with a chainsaw held high in his giggling hands. 
The ugly florescent lights flicker on and off, on and off. A gaping glory hole gapes . . .
Standing over the mattress, more than likely belligerently drunk, Syd crosses the chainsaw across his vampire-pale chest, spits out the plastic kazoo, pushes his gas mask further up over his forehead, then slowly, slowly peers down at Wylie. He giggles. “What was that, my dear?” 
“Nothing,” Wylie trembling, Wylie shuddering. “Don’t worry about it.”
“Oh I think I will worry. I think I should worry. Now what’s all this I hear about Don DeLillo?”
“It’s nothing. I said don’t—”
“Now let me tell you what this genius I know said about Don DeLillo,” Syd resting the chainsaw on his left shoulder, Zoe snorting beer all over her favorite sweater, Dylan laughing quietly over a metal pot, Wylie pressing his malnourished fists down into the mattress, hissing—“I really don’t care. No one really cares!”
“Now this genius told me that the thing about Don DeLillo is that he’s always trying to impose his dehumanizing philosophy on the reader, and that all of his characters are pretty much exactly the same and they’re basically just one-dimensional vehicles for his metaphysical musings. Plus my genius friend told me that this whole spiraling deathwards business is just a crowd-pleasing scam to sell more books. Because everyone who’s anyone knows that all plots actually spiral into madness and that’s why—”
“Please shut the fuck up right now!” Wylie’s voice cracking, “Just shut the fuck up! You and you’re genius friend don’t know shit about shit—about shit! Don DeLillo is arguably the greatest American writer since Thomas Pynchon. You obviously just don’t get him and probably never will. But all I wanna know is who does this genius friend of yours actually like? Tell me. Is there anyone—anyone at all who passes the genius test!”
“As a matter of fact there is. One person.” Syd switches the chainsaw from his left to his right shoulder.
“Who?”
“David Foster Wallace.”
“Oh my God!” Wylie gasping, Wylie’s chest burning with hives. “How predictable. How pretentiously predictable. Kill me now. Just kill me now!”
Dylan snorts and looks up from the semifunctional hot plate, bent fork in one hand, 25-pound dumbbell in the other, a new hand-rolled cigarette on his laughing lips. 
“Sorry, Wylie,” he yawns, graywhite ash drifting down into the metal pot. “But I think Syd might be on to something. It really is an undisputable fact that Mr. DeLillo has a very self-aware, almost Socratic approach to dialogue. That’s true. That’s beyond questioning. And it’s precisely because of this approach that every character in Mr. DeLillo’s multiverse may at times come off as being some sort of extraterrestrial flâneur with Asperger’s, who for some interdimensional reason can’t seem to ever get over the inherent contradictions of life on earth. This is a fact.” Dylan pauses to shove a forkful of orangebrown goo into his mouth. “Actually, I wouldn’t even say Mr. DeLillo’s work has anything that could pass for real human conversation. Nope. I’d say it just has a bunch of alien aphorisms . . . But hey, there’s nothing wrong with that.”
“What!” Wylie choking, Wylie about to have a stroke, “How can you—”
Dylan yawns over him. “And I would have to agree with Syd’s friend, the genius, in regards to Mr. Wallace indeed becoming a sort of Prometheus figure for our Y generation. For American literati in general. This is a fact. What’s also a fact is that the hero worship of Mr. Wallace is less a byproduct of Infinite Jest, that incandescent accomplishment, as it is a legacy of the remarkable commencement speech Mr. Wallace delivered at Kenyon College in the spring of 2005. Where he reminded all of us that this. That this is water . . .”
Pulling at her frizzy hair and wobbling on the wobbly wooden chair Zoe hiccups. Zoe hiccups twice. “What about women? Don’t you guys like ever read any women? Or how about anyone who’s not like your typical, middleclass, white American male?” Zoe chug-a-chugging her drinky, the water seething up through her totally ripped jeans. “And why do you guys always have to argue about who the greatest or who the best is? Everything’s not a competition. You know there’s like way more to life than just comparing yourself to others.”
A really loud silence now. During which Syd picks up his plastic kazoo, puts on his gas mask, primes the engine, pulls the starter rope, pulls two or three times and with the chainsaw sputtering awkwardly, dangerously into action, hobbit-hops back over to the shantytown shire and up the aluminum ladder.
Zoe yells over the screeching saw, over the classic rock—“Have you seen Giacomo?”
Wylie shakes his malnourished head and lifts himself off the mattress. “No, not for a while. Last thing we heard he was going on a business trip. To Afghanistan or something.” Wylie striding over to the makeshift library of moldy paperbacks, Wylie picking up the third-most relevant title (relevant to twentysomething life, obviously), a blood-dripping copy of The Varieties of Religious Experience: A Study in Human Nature by William James.
“Not Afghanistan,” Zoe pulling at her frizzy hair, trying her very best to lift her superlong legs out of the rising tide—“Omaha. But yea that’s what I’m worried about. I think something happened to him over there. Something bad. Or maybe it happened here. I don’t know. It’s like really hard to tell . . .”
Skinny fingers scooping bits of orangebrown goo out of a metal pot Dylan walks back over to the wobbly wooden chair. He hands Zoe the Pizza Boy special—instant mac and cheese, chopped chorizo, baked beans peppered with ash. “What are you talking about?” Dylan lighting up another hand-rolled cigarette. “I’m sure Giacomo’s fine. He’s not the type not to be fine. I bet he’s living the dream on a nice California beach with a nice California girl.”
Zoe stares down into the cheesy looking glass. “California . . . California,” swirling the orangebrown goo round and round with her pinky finger. “You’re right,” she whispers down to the oracle in the pot, “this is all that stupid slut’s fault.”
“What?”
“Nothing.” Zoe pulls her pinky finger out, wipes it on her favorite sweater, then picks up another beer from the six-pack at her feet. She slams the cap off against the edge of the chair. 
“Nothing at all,” smiling a sinister smile. “So when are you guys going on your yoga road trip or whatever?”
Chewing on a pepperoni pizza crust, reading his heavy book, Wylie strides back over to the wobbly wooden chair and plops himself down on the mattress. Wylie takes his purple rain boots off and clears his throat. “Actually, Zoe, there’s been a change of plans. I don’t know if anyone’s told you yet . . . but we’re kind of a big deal. A huge deal. We went viral as soon as we posted our video diary on life in the Warehouse. We’ve already got like ten million Twitter followers. And now they’ve offered us a web series plus a TV show. That’s why we’re tearing everything down. The Warehouse has to be completely gutted before they can start working on the set. They’re going to rebuild the whole thing with soft, ‘humanproof’ plastic. They’ll be microphones embedded in the walls, cameras in the ceiling—all that kind of stuff. They also want us to get the Pizza Boy van up and running again. Which means we have to fix the ovens, probably buy new generators. Load up on gas. On cheese . . .” 
Zoe gulps. Zoe lifts her superlong legs out of the water and squeezes her drinky. “Sounds like fun. Do I get a part?”
A rash of embarrassment on his malnourished chest Wylie clears his throat again. “Sorry, Zoe. We tried to convince them but they said you couldn’t be counted on. They said you were too erratic and you might freak out on set . . . I think you know your replacement. It’s that girl Giacomo was seeing. Sophie. She said you guys were friends at school.”
Zoe grits her chipped teeth. Zoe squeezes her drinky. But before Zoe has a chance to say how much she like actually hates that two- or three-timing skank and how much she like totally rues the day, the hour, the horribly horrible second they met at freshman orientation! Syd takes off his gas mask and blows another obnoxiously loud kazoo-buzz which echoes and echoes off the Warehouse walls . . . 
Climbing back down the aluminum ladder with a fat joint clamped tight between his giggling teeth Syd hobbit-hops over one of Wylie’s aborted furniture fetuses (half ottoman, half bunk bed). He hobbit-hops over to Mordor. 
“Alright, time to get serious,” Syd dropping the screeching chainsaw. “What are we doing for New Years? I heard they’re having a special two for one special at the Drunken Clinamen. Which is great because I’ve got a bag of fun that we need to finish before the ball drops,” Syd taking a really deep drag on the joint. “It’s going to be a big night. We need to be grateful. We need to be grateful that we’ve finally made it! It’s our time! We need to celebrate like celebrities! We need to get matching pizza tattoos and get laid!”
Standing behind the wobbly wooden chair Dylan reaches behind his ear and pulls out another hand-rolled cigarette. He yawns. “I don’t know if you boys realize or not, but New Years Eve parties—and collective celebrations in general—are pretty much responsible for most, if not all of the mass hysterias throughout recorded history. It’s an undisputable fact that every time there’s a crowd there’s a Judgment Day delusion going around. Especially when drugs and tattoos are involved.”
Hobbit-hopping away from the screeching, the spinning chainsaw Syd coughs up a mushroom cloud of evergreen smoke and snatches the pot of mac and cheese out of Zoe’s shrinking lap. “Don’t be such an asshole. Everyone knows that after a bad day at the office drugs and tattoos are the only things that stop people from going streaking in the streets with a strap-on dildo and a cardboard sign promising the imminent arrival of the Messiah or the Mahdi or the Rapture. And besides, without a little substance abuse, history never would have got that killer record deal in the first place!”
“Please don’t say things like that,” Dylan blowing a perfectly perfect smoke ring up toward the really high ceiling, Zoe hugging her supersore knees to her shrinking chest, the water bubbling up over the wobbly wooden chair, the water bubbling up past her neon-pink seatbelt.
“How can you guys live like this?” Zoe sucking the crumbs off her wrinkly thumb.
Orangebrown goo giggling down his chinny chin chin Syd runs a hand through his thinning hair and swivels his head from the front of the massive ship to the back of the massive ship. He clamps down on the joint. He takes a really deep drag and stares at the very open kitchen, at the petri dish bathroom. He swivels his head and stares at the gym, at the library of recycled paperbacks. He takes another really deep drag, staring hard, real hard at the two or three little bedrooms under deconstruction . . . Satisfied with what he sees Syd nods up at the ugly florescent lights flickering on and off, on and off. He swivels his head back to the wobbly wooden chair. 
“Yea, we get that a lot,” Syd coughing up another mushroom cloud of evergreen smoke. “But it’s really not that bad once you get used to all the dust.”
Zoe spits out a dandruff snack and shakes her frizzy head no. “I’m not talking about that. I’m talking about the water. Why don’t you guys ever do something about the water?”
“What water?”
“What do you mean what water!” Zoe kicking and screaming as the water surges up past her teeny-weeny neck. “This water!”
The Pizza Boyz look at each other. The Pizza Boyz look down at the Warehouse floor. 
“Oh you mean—this water,” the Pizza Boyz laughing, the water rushing into Zoe’s beak, the water tumbling out of her suburban ears, the water shooting up her fuzzy snout, the water gurgling down her tiny throat, the water pouring out of her tail, the water flowing in and out of her scarecrow hair, the water blowing up her hungry little spirit. The water. The water blowing up her hungry little spirit. The water. The water blowing up her hungry little spirit. The water.
Intermission III
Scalpels glinting across their sterile glasses. They lay me down on my twin-sized cot and start reading me my progress report. Ten, twenty, thirty minutes lecturing me on the results of my latest psychotextual evaluations. On the clinical hermeneutics of my calligraphy and the statistical significance of my word choice. But the good news is, that apart from a few minor pessimistic setbacks (nothing serious, nothing uncorrectable), I’m like most definitely on the up and up! So yay! Yay yay! Because apparently I’ve started to respond to the multiregression, multidisciplinary treatment. Because apparently I’m now consciously cooperating with my fantasies and “successfully integrating myself into the fabric of my remembered reality.” And this, They explain to me while They turn me over on my watermelon core and poke-a-poke a sanitized needledick into my bubble butt, is like way more than a necessary condition in order to establish a comprehensive overview of my psyche’s constructivist framework or whatever. Because now They understand me. Because now They like totally get where I’m coming from . . . 
The last needledick pulling out They carefully place a Z-shaped beige bandage on the sedated cheek, then pull down my whiter than white gown and lead my really long legs over to the softer than soft chair, the plastic desk. With a stethoscope on my human heart They flip through their clipboards, check off two or three boxes of my fate, and hand me back my spiral-bound notebook. Because apparently I’m ready. Because apparently I’m ready to tell Them—to tell myself—what like actually probably definitely maybe totally happened on New Year’s . . . I nod. I nod twice and pick up my pencil. Scalpels glinting across their sterile glasses They turn and whisper themselves out of my florescent room, out of our shared space . . .
Blue, yellow. I’m looking out the window and seeing way more than just a crispy blue sky wrapped in a yellow silence. I’m seeing 1st Avenue down below. I’m seeing the high-rise straight ahead. And when I squint and squeeze as hard as I possibly can I’m even seeing twentysomething stories up into the studio apartment where that grumpy green ghost, that superhairy monster used to growl and groan before he decided to move to Afghanistan or Omaha or the homeless shelter for the almost holy . . . 
Crying, waiting, crying I brush back my bangs, drool on myself, twiddle my precious thumbs. I tap-a-tap the pencil against the side of the desk. I do anything and everything but look down at the teasing page . . . I turn my heavy head and say hi to my flatscreen friend. I spend a few silent minutes rewatching the Pizza Boy Show season finale. I spend a few silent minutes rewatching the epic wobbles of that wobbly wooden chair . . . A tickle in my throat, I fake a smile and blow the mute face a goodbye kiss.
But when I look back down at my plastic desk, at the spiral-bound notebook with its evenly spaced taunts, like all I can do is frown and pout and bite my lower lip as the last scene suddenly comes a-buzzing through the window and lands on my stickysweet skin—the seriously gross images pumping themselves into my wincing jugular as the room starts to glow red, mosquito-red with spreading black wings of dread and shame and really itchy trauma . . . I close my doll eyes. I hold on tight to my #2 pencil. And totally trying my very best not to pass out I lean all the way over the desk and wait for the tsunami of college-ruled memories to hit—someone somewhere whispering in tongues as the massive wave swallows the air out of my past and his or her future . . . Please don’t overthink this, Zoe. Please don’t make a ridiculously big deal about this whole thing like you usually always do. Just take a deeper than deep breath, crack your knuckles, and dive right on in. Because this is like obviously it. Because this is like obviously the last time you’ll ever have to hear about her or see her or talk to her or yell at her or spill your drink on her or grab her or slap her or—
Go Pawn It on the Mountain
Responding to a ‘possible shots fired’ call an NYPD squad car floats down the darkness visible of 23rd Street—a harsher than harsh spotlight swiveling from side to side, side to side across Manhattan’s unrepentant underbelly. On the look out for that one extremist thief, or that one antiestablishment cannibal, or that one symbol-trafficking drug lord who could and would and I say like definitely should bring the Island Kingdom to its numbered knees . . . With a flicker of suspicion the searchlight stalls and lingers over ten turdlike tippy-toes . . . the tippy-toes twitching, twitching away from the light like bashful roaches. The patrol car pump-a-pumps the breaks. Waits for the spotlight to creep-a-creep up the frozen sidewalk. Up the ankles and shins. Up the superlong legs . . . And curled up in an alley tunnel, underneath a leaky dumpster, what else but a twisted homunculus, a broken spider’s lamb—a girl in a white and blue striped sweater, greasy scarecrow hair, totally ripped jeans, frog eyes the size of eight balls, lips darker than the darkest dingleberries . . .
“Hey—hey you okay there?” a gruff voice breathes out of the squad car. “It’s not safe around here. Go home. Now!”—the command ripping through the 3 am shadows, sulfur-winged bats screeching in and out of the alley tunnel, the moon giggling then vanishing beyond the blackness without a friendly crescent or a hopeful half-moon or a totally auspicious full moon or a nothing nothing nothing that might like bring a little bit of luck to the supertalented girl on the superchilly ground. To the supertalented girl with a Jolly Roger bolo tie around her neck and a red pocketknife tucked away in her back pocket. To the supertalented girl now turning on her side, gripping the top of the dumpster with a trembling claw, and slowly, slowly lifting herself up in front of the green screen . . . 
Leaning on wet brick our favorite dreamer rubs her surprisingly not blurry viewfinders as the spotlight sweeps over the esoteric graffiti spray-painted above her scarecrow head.
“Are you sure you don’t need help?”
Shaking her heavy head Zoe picks up her canvas tote bag and peers inside. But nothing. Like not one thing. Because aside from a couple of crumpled sticky notes, all her stuff is like totally gone gone gone . . . her ultrathin laptop, her apartment keys, her pills, her tampons, her bone-white headphones—everything. Totally gone. Stolen. Gone . . . Out of options, shivering, our favorite dreamer drops the empty bag on her stiffer than stiff sidewalk mattress, sneezes, sneezes twice then moves on—heading east while pulling at that same knot of frizzy hair. Still suspicious, still not convinced by this impromptu performance the spotlight follows Zoe until a sudden burst from the radio dispatcher sends the patrol car off into the city crypts chasing the year’s last villains . . . sirens wailing, red and blue lights skipping over the surface of the blood-snoring morgue . . . Zoe stumbling and staggering off 23rd Street and out of temperamental Chelsea—Zoe making her way up the 7th Avenue moors and hey, would you look at that, she’s singing out loud!—a daycare ditty, an after-school aria—the innocent notes barely managing to get a single off-key vibrato up into the limestone tree houses before they’re shamefully outsung by the very perky voices of that very sporty subculture of very early risers already working up a very athletic sweat on crossfit ellipticals, triathlon treadmills . . . A dollop of honeygray milk diluting the night sky . . . A taxi-snail pulling its shell up to the curb, halfheartedly honking at our favorite dreamer . . . A divorced drifter pulling his Ford pickup up to the curb, halfheartedly masturbating over our favorite dreamer who just sings on and on and on . . . But since she like definitely can’t help herself (doesn’t wanna help herself!) Zoe wavers at 32nd Street, mid sea chantey, and smiles up at the sweet-talking signs hanging over her head like yummy-yummy gumdrops . . . Zoe nodding. Zoe nodding twice then tumbling through the revolving glass doors and taking the escalator down to Penn Station where her superlong legs give us a way more than noteworthy rendition of the looser than loose legs of someone in the depths of an ether ritual or a date-rape delirium . . . our favorite dreamer swaying along the abandoned corridors, along the ugly florescent halls and barren birth canals . . . all the souvenir shops locked . . . all the food courts closed and gated and Zoe brutally bumping into something, someone—a stocky, dark-skinned janitor with a sailor’s hat and twenty thousand keys jingling from his leather work belt. With a crabby curse the Bukowski-like factotum tears his headphones off and waves his filthy mop in Zoe’s crinkled face. He prods her stomach. He prods her supersore groin and with another two or three crabby curses turns up the volume on his smartphone (Shostakovich, Fifth Symphony) then goes back to mop-a-mopping the floor as our favorite dreamer, frantically clutching at her Jolly Roger amulet, hurries and scurries into the 24-hour waiting room . . . Rows and rows of suitcase seats, cardboard tents . . . rows and rows of squatting families, First World refugees . . . rows and rows of nomadic salesmen standing in front of half-empty vending machines, pug noses pressed up against the ranch-flavored potato chips, the chewable cavities, the diabetes in a bottle . . . Zoe snuggling herself down next to the saxophone case of an ex-Amish troubadour. The handcrafted clasps digging into her totally swollen soul . . . Yawning, wincing, yawning our favorite dreamer sticks a wrinkly little thumb in her wrinkly little mouth. Closes her lice eyes . . . and one astral plane later she’s strolling along the Milky Way, moseying about on top of rows and rows of perfectly perfect planets which gently spin spin beneath the cutest stars. Spin spin then shake. Spin spin then shake then balloon-pop—the hissing solar wind brutally jerk-a-jerking our favorite dreamer back to boring ol’ earth . . . 
Zoe blinks. Zoe blinks twice up at the sumo wrestler glaring down at her. 
The security guard tap-a-taps her chair with his heavy nightstick. Demands to see a ticket. 
Sucking on her precious past our favorite dreamer like definitely doesn’t realize she’s speaking in tongues. (Or maybe she like just doesn’t give one flying fuck!)
“No ticket?” the sumo wrestler banging on the chair with his dick-stick. “Get out! Get out now. Go!”
Chucked back out onto the city streets like cat litter. Like yesteryear’s newspaper. But at least the streets are like totally different now. They’re brighter, nicer—like way better. Things are moving, things are happening. Millions of hustling Homo sapiens are out and about. Dollar-dollar aspiration once again cradling Manhattan in its bustling bosom and sparing no expense in nurturing that good morning clarity which swoop-a-swoops in out of the vegan diners, the scone-and-salami shops. The sunnyside up breakfast sun bringing out all the galvanizing calories on all the high cholesterol food carts, on all the nouvelle cuisine food trucks, on all the umami street corners . . . Zoe sinking her supersharp claws into the nearest garbage can. Way too hungry to give one flying fuck about sidewalk etiquette or social mores or whatever. Passing yuppies puking into their suede wallets as they watch our favorite dreamer excavate a half-chewed egg and cheese sandwich. As they watch her rub her oily button nose up against a totally soggy slice of pepperoni pizza . . . Zoe moaning and cramming the free food down her mildewy gullet. Chipped teeth feasting on foreign saliva, on someone else’s superyummy dough . . . Zoe washing the teeny-weeny germs down with a few sloppy swigs from a cracked Styrofoam cup. The coffee cold and black and like seriously amazing . . . Mumbling for more caffeine Zoe grips the sterling silver skull around her neck and burps, burps twice then heads east on 34th Street until she veers uptown on the fast, the furious, the Avenue of the Americas . . . Decked out in one-piece pantsuits and Versace cufflinks, bowler hats and tailored buffalo hides, every human being on 6th Avenue is munching on a cinnamon raisin bagel and slurping on nonfat chrism. Powerwalking to work while trying their very best to keep a minimum of two or three feet between their brand new smartphones and Zoe’s mutilated mask . . . Work? A part of our favorite dreamer like definitely does recognize the word, the fucking concept, and that same part of her (that part of her not yet totally smothered by the scarecrow sitting on her head) also like definitely does recognize what everyone around her is doing right now. Like where the fuck they’re going and why. But for some reason all that seems so, so very far away . . . the Comfort Station, the monthly rent, the utility bills . . . as if it were all part of someone else’s twentysomething mockumentary that she like definitely doesn’t wanna watch right now. No way. No fucking thanks. No . . . Pulling harder than hard at that same annoying knot of frizzy hair Zoe comes muttering to a stop at the corner of 6th Avenue and West 40th Street. She holds her breath, fidgets her superlong legs from side to side, side to side and waits for the safe-to-coexist traffic signal. Because she like seriously needs to find a bathroom or a bucket. But where? How? . . . Biting her lower lip, shifting her weight from bleeding foot to bleeding foot Zoe serendipitously spots on the opposite side of this midtown valley of electrified glass and DO NOT TOUCH grass—her homeless captain! Yay! Yay yay! Zoe clap-a-claps her claws and watches her favorite urban leper crawl on all fours between the Scylla storefronts and the Charybdis conglomerates, a blocklong chain of blue and white and pink plastic bags fettered round and round her bony black ankle. Zoe clap-a-clapping and watching her chupacabra tour guide jump up on her hind legs with a paranoid shriek and a follow-me-if-you-dare glance across the street. Zoe clap-a-clapping and watching her harpy herald sprint and fly up over the telecommunication steeples, the mutual fund minarets—psychedelic bags fluttering like a pauper’s pennants above the millions of frowning faces until, with another paranoid shriek, with another two or three paranoid shrieks the sewer bird abruptly dives dives dives down into the New York Public Library and disappears inside her marble nest. Her Bryant Park lair . . . Laughing and nodding and like definitely not about to wait for any kind of urban safety net or flashing action cue or pedestrian prompt or deus ex machina or whatever that self-aggrandizing stick figure across the street actually is our favorite dreamer tap-a-taps her Jolly Roger bolo tie, tap-a-taps it twice then dips her superlong legs into the honking traffic. Zoe dragging her bare feet across the asphalt embers . . . But oh no! Zoe loses track of the slithering trail of plastic bags somewhere between the second and third sideways stairway. Luckily our favorite dreamer like definitely doesn’t need any of her hobo polestars anymore. Nope, not anymore! Because by now, after twentysomething years at sea, and especially after last night, Zoe Dreamstein like sure as fuck knows her way around this massive treasure hunt. This massive treasure hunt which can’t stop won’t stop glittering with our extra-large guesses. With the supercute hints of all our seeking . . . A few supermoist minutes later and Zoe’s in the bathroom. Singing and—AH! No toilet paper! Oh boy. Oh my. Time to drip-a-drip dry . . . Still bloated, still those superhungry snakes eating away at her insides Zoe climbs out of the bathroom and tries her very best to balance herself on her totally catatonic limbs but she like obviously fails and before she can scream NO! or AH! or FUCK SHIT FUCK!—our favorite dreamer faceplants into the Rose Reading Room. Hoping against hope that at least she’ll be able to relax or rest her tingling feet or get a massage or masturbate or something, anything as supernice as that! . . . I mean, is that like way too much to ask or what? . . . Neoclassical nudes rolling like Tuscan fields across the vaulted ceiling. Winter lightning crashing down against the taller than tall windows . . . Ignoring the security guard’s silent but totally tangible loathing our favorite dreamer struts into this hallowed NYC Alhambra and with a regal mutter takes her rightful place at one of the communal study tables . . . Zoe yawning. Zoe burping, burping twice and picking a greenred booger out of her right nostril as a feces-oozing fly lands on her left shoulder but she like definitely doesn’t swat it away. Definitely not. She just lets it buzz-a-buzz in and out of her frizzy, her disgusting head of hair. Why? Because why the fuck not . . . Cloistered across from our favorite dreamer a pointy-eared paralegal lifts his nerdy nose out of his civil rights encyclopedia and cautiously sniffs the air. Cautiously turns his four eyes toward Zoe but before the paralegal has a chance to pinch his nose or call out for mama he heaves, gags, cries and desperately covers his mouth as strands of yellowbrown vomit seep like his grandma’s goulash through his geeky fingertips . . . The paralegal raising his noncooking hand and waving it back and forth, back and forth until he catches the security guard’s one eye . . . The paralegal pointing at Zoe. The paralegal breathing a very sincere sigh of relief as our favorite dreamer is then brutally dragged out of the bookish basilica. Out of his bookish basilica . . . Thank you. Thank you very much, sir . . .  
Onwards! Onwards toward that human merry-go-round. That trending horror show of dazzling deception and advertising smoke! Onwards toward Times Square where Zoe’s suburban world is spun and twirled, bent backwards and gangbanged by a chu-chu train of stock market quotes, photoshopped physiques, in-your-face company logos, sensational headlines and social media memes. WORLD FAMOUS INTELLECTUAL SENTENCED TO TWENTY YEARS! WORLD FAMOUS SCUBA DIVER IS JUST ANOTHER KID! WORLD FAMOUS ROOMMATE MISSING IN ACTION! The fashion seraphim smiling and winking overhead as our favorite dreamer wanders from commercial booth to commercial booth, from distorted display to distorted display, each breaking news bulletin streaming and replicating above her scarecrow head . . . streaming and replicating . . . streaming and replicating . . . Seven billion colors saturating her superhuman brain. Seven billion colors having their way with her pretzel-bent spine . . . 
“Here.”
Someone else’s blistered tongue flopping out of her open mouth, someone else’s mosquito-bitten arms straight out at her sides Zoe stops mid twirl to point her diseased cattle eyes down at a little girl—at a little girl standing up on her ten tippy-toes with a Superman ice cream in one hand (blueredyellow swirls, sugar cone), a crisp five-dollar bill held out in the other. Her mommy and daddy a watchful step behind . . . Snapping her yellowbrown teeth Zoe snatches the creamy-yummy cash and doesn’t even watch the little girl smile and twirl away in her neon-pink down jacket—Zoe smelling the money, stroking the money. Zoe lick-a-licking the perfectly perfect money . . . Uptown, uptown, our favorite dreamer’s pilgrimage picking up speed up that zigzagging highway of the demented damned. Up Broadway! Zoe pushing and muttering her way through endless hordes of starving ticket scalpers, armless hotdog sellers, Mexican necromancers, Uzbekistan entrepreneurs, cosmopolitan snake charmers, Klu Klux Klan oil barons, marijuana moguls, philosopher pimps, Samoan poets, elementary school rappers, retired gypsies, paramilitary missionaries, agnostic lion tamers, Eastern European boxers, Pakistani rock stars, New Jersey mercenaries, paraplegic pornstars, welfare magi, Inuit assassins, four-legged research fellows, Guatemalan pastry chefs, preaching pygmies, Hasidic poker players, Muslim grandmasters, Cuban soothsayers, Protestant barflies, Catholic club promoters, Dominican papis, Boricua booties, ET celebrities, mixed-martial arts maniacs, finance sensei, unionized hang gliders, Nepalese Houdinis, beekeepers with stigmata, undergraduate firefighters, LGBTQ+ weightlifters, business bots, indie rock crybabies, government watchdogs, violin virtuosos, jazz maestros, mandolin-strumming werewolves, trust fund eunuchs, imported midgets, self-made middle school CEOs, recovering gimps, Canadian curling champions, terrorists—Zoe pushing and muttering and waving her amulet above her scarecrow head. Like seriously trying her very best to ward off the world. All the other worlds . . . But all this massive self-belief like obviously takes its toll and by the time our favorite dreamer reaches Columbus Circle her left eyelid won’t stop twitching and her lower back like actually feels like it’s been hammered into a boneless mush, a throbbing pulp which forces poor ol’ Zoe to stoop and use her superthin arms like crutches while her facial expression switches at random between a pleading grimace, an aggressive scowl, and a smugger than smug smirk. Even the sheltering sky, once so dark and stormy, once so angry and gray, is now like seriously showing signs of wear and tear with who knows how many yellowred spots cropping up here and there along the two or three desiccated tendrils still trying their very best to stay airborne over the Island Kingdom. Because sometimes even the sky wants to lie down and call it quits . . . If the well runs dry, bone-dry, then what happens to the supercute seeds we planted twentysomething years ago? Because I mean does someone refill the well? Do we like get new seeds or what? . . . Brutally forced back into life by a bus’s baritone foghorn our favorite dreamer lifts herself up off her crosswalk futon and hobbles into the nearest convenience store . . . Five dollars later and she’s back out on the sidewalk, a confident smile on her juicy boils, her bitter-black fingernails scratching furiously at an instant lotto ticket . . . Laughing, crying, laughing Zoe drops the losing ticket and stomp-a-stomps the worthless bastard into the pavement. She kick-a-kicks the backstabbing bitch into the nearest gutter then moves on. Away. Away. From all this bullshit. Away! . . . West 77th Street. In a leprechaun’s piss-drunk gold font a foldable chalkboard updates our favorite dreamer on the day’s special. HAPPY NEW YEARS! TWO FOR ONE PAINT! COME ON IN AND BLACKEN THOSE BRUSHES! Sucking the city off her thumb Zoe pulls on the superheavy doors and wiggles her superlong legs into the beer-thick shadows . . . Edgar lifting his atrophied brain out of his glowing smartphone. Waving poor ol’ Zoe off with a ketchupy chuckle and a stone-cold stutter—“Yea, ri-ri-right. This ain’t, this ain’t, this ain’t, this ain’t, this ain’t no sou-sou-sou-soup kitchen. Go—away!” The bodybuilder bouncer not even asking to see her ID. Not that our favorite dreamer has one with her. But still . . . One rejection too many finally doing us all in Zoe tucks away her undesired ego behind a leaky dumpster and sits her bubble butt down in a puddle of anonymous alcohol. With a supersoft screech she hugs her superlong legs to her shivering chest, the fire escape above her scarecrow head shaking quietly as we all close off our minds and just listen to the two or three voices now shuffling into the alley tunnel. Whispering like wasps on the other side of the dumpster . . .
“Here, have a cigarette. I hate smoking alone.”
“Sure. Thanks.”
“Aren’t you going to say anything about the movie? Did you like it?”
“Um, I guess so. But I’m still not sure how I feel about the ending. It just doesn’t add up. I think I need to see it again. Maybe I missed something when I went to the bathroom.”
“What didn’t you get? It’s pretty easy to follow.”
“No it’s not. Or at least I didn’t think so . . .”
“Where is everyone? No one’s picking up my calls and we don’t have that much time.”
“I mean I liked the first half. When there’s basically just some kind of global civil war or mass extinction or Martian invasion or zombie virus or something which basically just kills off all life on earth.”
“Yea, that was great.”
“And I liked that scruffy pilot who wouldn’t stop swearing every time the spaceship hit a spacetime bump.”
“Yea, he was great.”
“And I kind of liked the sappy love story between two or three of the passengers.” 
“Yea, it was alright.”
“But I still don’t know if one of them was or wasn’t sleeping around with another passenger or another two or three passengers or basically the whole ship.”
“Yea, it was confusing.”
“Aren’t you guys cold?”
“And what exactly happened to the ship’s reactor?”
“There was a coolant leak.”
“I know there was a coolant leak. I just don’t know what the coolant is.”
“Oh I think it’s just some kind of water that keeps the reactor from overheating.”
“That makes sense . . . And so basically after this coolant leak everyone on the ship starts dying from the radiation and basically shit hits the fan.”
“Yea, basically.”
“Can we talk about something else? Are we going to stay here till the ball drops?”
“So then everyone hops in the escape pods and basically they all just get launched off into deep space and who knows where they’ll end up or if they’ll just crash into an asteroid or get torn to pieces inside a black hole or yea . . . But I basically just don’t get why she couldn’t just suck it up and move on. Like why did she have to take it all so personally?”
“What do you mean why? The coolant leak didn’t just happen. Nothing just happens. Someone was behind the meltdown. That’s the whole point. Someone was jealous. Someone didn’t want the human race to live happily ever after. That’s why she had to take action. She didn’t have any other choice. It was the only way to ensure the survival of the species. She had to do it.”
“Hmm. I guess I see what you mean . . . But I’m not sure if I agree. I think she could have basically just done a better job of explaining things. You can tell it’s her first movie.”
“Yea well whatever. It doesn’t matter. She’s one of those actor-writer-director types. They’re the worst. They’re so full of themselves.”
“Would you guys just hurry up and finish your cigarettes. Let’s go back inside.”
“Calm down. You’re always in such a rush.”
“And you’re always such a pain in my ass.”
“Okay, fine. Let’s go . . .”
When Zoe’s like definitely sure the wasps have buzzed on off she wiggles her superlong legs from out behind her dumpster hideout and picks up one of the cigarette cinders. She takes a deeper than deep drag. Blows a perfectly perfect smoke ring and watches it drift up the brick walls, up the shaking fire escape, up, up into a completely corroded sky. Nothing but red up there. Nothing but rust. Our favorite dreamer takes one more deeper than deep drag, then limps back out into the killing fields . . . 
Fully automatic alarms whistling out of the Drunken Clinamen. Shattering the late afternoon ceasefire and somehow like definitely knowing this sure as hell ain’t a drill Zoe covers her ringing ears and ducks behind the foldable chalkboard. She bites her dingleberry lips. Waits for the airstrikes to resume. For the sky to scream . . . But instead of another V-2 rocket it’s a wounded soldier just in from the Omaha front that scoots out onto the sidewalk in a lightweight wheelchair, one plaster leg sticking out like a toy canon, strips of shiny gauze covering the totally fractured memory. Zoe’s heart skips a lifetime. Or wait, was that her mind which just took a direct hit? Either way there like definitely isn’t time to find out the why, the how, the what the fuck? Because two or three failed synaptic relationships behind the silver neck brace, behind the Chicago-molded facial prosthesis, a twentysomething sexpot in a red fur coat shimmers out of the superheavy doors, one hand rummaging through her Louis Vuitton handbag, one hand curling a strand of milk chocolate hair behind a peanut butter ear . . . Gasping for gravity Zoe lifts her swollen button nose out over her chalkboard shield, risking it all for a closer look at the white van soundlessly pulling up to the curb . . . A door sliding open. A handicap ramp lowered over the sidewalk . . . Her flashing smartphone providing just the fission needed to turn the hissing sky into a massive fireball Sophie Strudel readjusts her red Jezebel cap then gracefully shoves the wheelchair up the ramp, giving Zoe and her locust eyes just one last look at the pouty wisps of gray hair quivering with age above the scruffy, the grinning, the Giacomo Jones muzzle. The door slides shut. Without hanging up, without waving goodbye or screaming I love you to her disabled dummy Sophie turns on her fluffy red boots and starts stumbling east, toward the park, Zoe calmly watching the unmarked van roll off in the opposite direction, a creepy gas mask with sterile aviator eyes in the driver’s seat . . . Zoe calmly watching until she’s like totally sure the coast is clearer than clear . . . Zoe calmly crawling out of her chalkboard foxhole . . . Zoe calmly gripping her Jolly Roger amulet and nodding, nodding twice . . . Zoe smiling a sinister smile and hobbling after that California cunt. Uh-oh. Watch out, bitch . . . 
Our favorite dreamer catches up with her LA nemesis at the nothing-but-ash remains of the park’s 77th Street entrance. Clearly tipsy, maybe even blackout drunk Sophie and her fluffy red boots are tripping and flipping and gracefully flopping through the superdense shrubbery, way too out of it to notice the parole-skipping pedophiles barbecuing behind the wilted rose bushes, and like definitely way too busy tap-a-tapping on her smartphone to sidestep the vindictive little gremlins trying their very best to pull us all down into the fertilizer ditches, the pesticide ruts—Sophie stumbling through Central Park like a tequila-happy Tinker Bell or a rollin’ Red Ridding Hood while our favorite dreamer slurps on her own private stash of adrenaline and hobbles from Cinderella shrub to Cinderella shrub, steadily closing in on her evil stepsister’s designer cap as it bobbles back and forth across the overgrown footpath. Back and forth. Back and forth. Zoe laughing and limping, thorny briars hooking themselves like serrated sickles into Sophie’s goldgreen dress. Zoe laughing and limping, laughing and limping after that flowering bullseye . . . Way up on high a baby squirrel watches the humans flicker past (Sophie tap-a-tapping, Zoe on the handicapped hunt), its tiny cheeks stuffed with chestnut crumbs, with acorn snacks. Gnashing her chipped teeth our favorite dreamer catapults her good side off a spring-loaded log and punches the paparazzi bastard in its furry little face as she hobbles down the plague-pebbled straightaway, quads and calves cramping but she’s like almost there, almost home free, orange light blowing through the trees and denoting a cluster bomb of eye-itching shrapnel—Zoe blinking and blinking through the pollen shockwave and briefly losing sight of that Deutschland bitch around the final black bend . . . Zoe unclasping the Jolly Roger amulet from around her neck and pushing through the burn like the champ she’s always wanted to be . . . Zoe willing her broken body, her broken mind, through the last thorny thicket and suddenly she’s hobbling out of the superdark forest and hobbling down into a snow-banked clearing, Sophie two or three wobbly steps ahead, tap-a-tapping on her smartphone and gracefully stumbling across a supersmall bridge—the secluded inlet bathed in honeysuckle twilight, a couple of winter-loving swans nestled up against each other on the cozy front rocks, enjoying the superpretty sunset but sure as fuck not understanding why one of the humans is muttering a Yiddish hex or why one of the humans is swinging a bolo tie high above her scarecrow head or why one of the humans, in a flash of cinematic faith, is now limping over from the self to the other. Zoe lassoing the bolo tie round and round Snow White’s sponge cake neck and squeezing. Squeezing tight . . . 
A smartphone drops—the bridge shakes. Frosted fingernails claw at Zoe’s face and hair. Muffled applause ripples through the lakeside theater as a sterling silver skull uncorks the California jugular and sends a rush of maple syrup bubbling down the red fur coat . . . Totally fed up with all this human nonsense the swans hiss their annoyance, hold each other’s plumes and figure skate off in search of a way quieter sunset . . . Endorphins shoot up the director’s arms and down her superlong legs. The pressure pulsing . . . The pressure pulsing . . . A wheezing then a gurgling sound fizzes through the leading lady’s raspberry lips as her knees buckle and her head slumps forward. Zoe closing her Angel of Death eyes and squeezing as hard as she possibly can. Zoe squeezing till she hears the Rice Krispies trachea burst into a standing ovation. Zoe squeezing till she cums so hard in her totally ripped jeans that she like almost forgets to bow and pick up her lavender bouquet. Zoe squeezing. Zoe squeezing. Zoe squeezing and moaning for more. So much more . . . 
Rusted beyond repair the evening sky goes on crumbling over the frozen lake. The ice gleaming with oxidized sunflakes . . . 
Breathing a little slower now, the perfectly perfect orgasm somewhat subsiding but still tickling up and down her spine our favorite dreamer lets go of the Jolly Roger noose. In the distance she hears something thump-thump. With a satisfied sigh Zoe opens her Eve eyes, bends down and flips the Aryan cadaver on its back . . . half a chewed Tootsie roll drooping out through the blueberry lips, the vanilla-almond neck a butchered mass of skin and bone . . . Zoe running her bitter-black fingernails up the appetizer freckles, up the nose à la ghastly gore, up, up . . . searching for her succulent prize, her overdue dessert . . . and finally, there they are, those greengold lamb eyes. Zoe leaning forward and blowing aside all those layers of laughter. Zoe leaning forward and sniffing, nodding, sniffing at the saltysweet filling. Because it’s like obviously her Hollywood future and it like obviously belongs to her, to her—to her! Zoe reaching around into her back pocket. Zoe pulling out her pocketknife and scooping out her spoils of war as the terminally ill sun blows one last kiss of red over this truelove saga . . .
If our end is in our beginning, then why-oh-why do I scratch my darling head like every single day? . . . 
Ugh, even though They keep asking and asking I like still can’t remember how many hours pass before our favorite dreamer sits down on the slippery planks and crosses her superlong legs into full lotus position. But that’s what she does—eventually. That’s what she’s doing right now. She’s sitting and twirling her ridiculously rich, ridiculously famous Hollywood future in her left claw like a pair of goldgreen Baoding balls. Because now she like definitely understands what’s going to happen to the earth when the sun like totally burns up its hydrogen core and half squeezes, half bloats itself up into a hungry red giant. Because it’ll obviously just go to sleep. Forever. The earth will simply sleep-a-sleep while the hungry red giant rages, rages against the dying of the light in my degenerate core. Like right below my bellybutton . . . 
All the buildings swaying with exuberance on the other side of the champagne-cut ice. All Manhattan counting down as our favorite dreamer holds her breath and tries her very best to stay in her seat till the credits roll . . . 
But just when her adorable little lungs are about to burst, and just when her superhuman brain is about to undergo its final mildewy metamorphosis, and like way more importantly, just when her twentysomething rom-com is about to crescendo into Oscar-worthy catharsis, a superloud wailing robs Zoe of all her superstar success. Because the sirens, the sirens, the sirens just won’t ever let her be! AH! NO! FUCK SHIT FUCK!
Seven billion branches pointed at her totally dwarfed soul, Zoe Dreamstein uncrosses her superlong legs and after taking a superquick second to wish upon a suburban star, flings her gooier than gooey future across the ice with a “I like fucking hate all you unfaithful bastards!” rebel yell that sends tattletale trunks flipping, informant roots cringing—Zoe pivoting on her mangled feet and diving down the only unbeaten path left . . . Bang bang!—Zoe swerves and dodges—Bang bang!—Zoe swerves and dodges—Bang bang!—Zoe swerves and dodges and hobbles off into this night with no end. No shutdown switch or escape button or nothing nothing nothing! Zoe limping and limping from shriveled Tree of Life to shriveled Tree of Life, Central Park aglow with God-degrading satellites, infrared demons and uncircumcised narcs—Zoe limping and limping all the way out past the Metropolitan Museum of Art to where the archangels loaf and Big Brother sucks on his lemon lies . . . Grinning like an unplugged Prole, her thoughts tingling, her precious personality held tight to her human heart, our favorite dreamer takes one last quicker than quick breather in a Newspeak niche or a memory hole or in Room 101 or in one of those 1984 kinda places . . . Zoe wiping her unwaxed brow and raising her Sarah eyes. Because what the fuck’s that up ahead? Could it be the Western Wall? the Hill of Calvary? the Kaaba! Zoe wading through a chest-high lane of cars then pulling herself up two or three cantilever arms. Pulling herself all the way up over the pedestrian chain-link fence to where the sickos dance and the law-abiding citizens get high on collateral damage Kool-Aid . . . Zoe climbing to the top of her world and staring out at a burnt black wasteland with no trees, no farms, no cuter than cute sheep—the desolation just stretching and stretching and doing nothing but stretching until it like totally blurs away into myopic vagueness at our mind’s end . . . Zoe standing with her supersharp claws on her Superwoman hips, sirens wailing somewhere in the distance, the distance, the distance. Zoe chewing on the eternal question—yay or nay, or nay yay, or—but since we’re all definitely way, way past that, Zoe calmly, calmly spits over her world. Spits twice. Then swallows away the trail of possibility. Because this is like definitely the biggest night of her twentysomething life. Because it’s like definitely time for her to pull that fucking trigger and be all she can be . . . A sinister smile on her dingleberry lips, her Mary eyes staring off into a totally blank canvas our favorite dreamer sticks an alien claw down her totally ripped jeans as the year’s first fireworks cremate what’s left of this night on night, this intensely opaque Island Kingdom veil. Zoe moaning and flicking the supercute curtain as hard as hard she possibly can. Zoe jumping . . .
The fall. The splash. The end that comes swirling in without a fancy farewell or a neighborhood kegger or a cupcakes-only cast party or a Bacchanalian baby shower or a runaway reaction gone viral or a bit of rougher than rough makeup sex or nothing—and I mean nothing!—as deliciously fun or as obscenely awesome as all that! Just a stock image of a pair of human legs being swept twentysomething stories down under the Queensboro Bridge. Just a Jane Doe smiling a perfectly perfect smile as a white-on-white scuba diver comes bubbling up out of the East River froth. Just another girl named Zoe Dreamstein closing her Zoe eyes as a kid-sized hand tugs at her hair and smoothly, smoothly untangles that one massive knot.
Epilogue
Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale . . .
When I’m like totally done with my very, very relaxing breathing exercises, a window of light warming my face, I blink open my eyes and uncross my legs. Then I stand up slowly, like very slowly, and go through what I still can of my morning stretch routine. Arms and neck, tingling chest but only a few inches of sighing hamstrings. I twist and crack my back, my spine. I loosen up my somewhat flexible psyche. Then I lick the night off my new front teeth and step away from my twin-sized cot. Easing myself down on my softer than soft chair, at my plastic desk. Letting my elbows dangle like ordinary elbows while I blink and breath and make myself like totally comfortable . . . 
Coffee. I’m holding on tight to my # 2 pencil. The spring sun is rising rising rising. I’m holding on tight to my # 2 pencil and trying my very best not to feel how nice it must feel to be sitting at a coffeeshop right about now. Sitting and sipping on a cup of Ethiopian Yirgacheffe or a cup of Costa Rican Tarrazú or a cup of deliciously bold Sumatra. I’m trying my very best not to feel these springtime feelings because even though I keep begging and begging the guards for a café mocha or a soy cappuccino or half a bitter brown espresso shot or something! They just keep saying no, no, no. They like can’t stop won’t stop saying no. Because apparently my brain can’t handle the stimulants anymore. Because apparently she and I just ain’t what we used to be. Once upon a substance-free suburb . . . The doctors keep saying it’s got something to do with the way I “abused” prescription pills, alcohol—life. With the way the two- or three-faced chemicals played tug of war with my obnoxiously bipolar neurons. Twisting and pulling the gullible membranes into all kinds of manic snowflakes and depressive cobwebs. But I’m like definitely not convinced. I think I might just be getting old old old . . . On the almost bright side, the nurses say they might be able to start bringing me half a pot of chamomile tea with my mac and cheese as long as I don’t have any major setbacks this month. No IMAX relapses. No inner-city psychosis. So yea, I guess that’s obviously something to be happy about. Even though it’s like common knowledge that chamomile tea has way less than zero milligrams of totally inspiring caffeine . . . 
The sun is shining. The sun is shining. The sun is shining but nothing. I’m holding on tight to my # 2 pencil but there’s like nothing left to remember. Or at least that’s what the shrinks keep telling me. They say I’m done with this stage of the treatment. They say my psyche has finally accepted what did or didn’t happen and that now it’s time to move on to stage two or three or whatever. Because apparently there’s a whole long list of motives and theories that the detectives wanna talk with me about. They wanna talk about my sexual frustration, my eating disorders, my entitled sense of invincibility. They wanna talk about the relationship between the death vans in which my Polish ancestors were brutally gassed and my Nazi hunter role models. They wanna talk about my superstitious perfectionism, my crowd-hating nihilism, my privileged paranoia. They wanna talk about how all my wannabe goals in life made my life a wannabe life. They wanna talk about me, myself, and only me . . .
Chocolate, candy. I’m holding on tight to my # 2 pencil. A pale blue breeze is fingerpainting its way through the mosquito net. Lavender blossoms are tickling my throat. I’m holding on tight to my # 2 pencil and trying my very best not to feel how nice it must feel to be strolling around Central Park right about now. Strolling and munching on a mouthful of Starburst snacks or a mouthful of Laffy Taffy or a mouthful of deliciously hard Jolly Ranchers. I’m trying my very best not to feel these springtime feelings because even though I keep begging and begging the guards for an ice cream sandwich or a brownie or an apple strudel or something! They just keep saying no, no, no. They like can’t stop won’t stop saying no. Because apparently my body can’t handle the sugar anymore. Because apparently she and I just ain’t what we used to be. Once upon a wholesome suburb . . . The doctors keep saying it’s got something to do with my lack of regular exercise, my junk food diet, my stressful day job—my life. Something to do with the way my blood glucose level keeps oscillating back and forth, back and forth from the trembling heights of hyperglycemia, all the way down down down to the hypoglycemic fear. But I’m like definitely not convinced. I think I might just be getting old old old . . . On the almost bright side, the nurses say they might be able to start bringing me flax seed crackers with my insulin as long as I don’t have any major setbacks this month. No sibylline seizures. No Golem stupors. So yea, I guess that’s obviously something to be happy about. Even though it’s like common knowledge that flax seed crackers have a totally uninspiring glycemic load of way less than zero . . . 
Summer is on its way. Summer is on its way. Summer is on its way and the good news is—I’m finally going to get a minibreak from this cramped cell and this mind-peeling yellow wallpaper! So yay! Yay yay! Because the surgeons have pinky promised to drive me over to another building or ward for my first “swim lesson.” Which means I’m finally going to learn how to float and not sink! And even though I’ll obviously only be allowed in the shallow end for the time being, the hospital chaplain keeps saying that one day, if I practice hard, if I learn how to cope and not cry, one day I just might be able to go skinny dipping in the deeper than deep end! So yay! Yay yay! But the way more exciting news is that this means my nose is scheduled to get some quality time in the city sun! Time to twitch in the anything-but-sterile wind. Plus my eyes could like definitely use a holiday away from these unflattering lights in here. Because I mean I know for a fact they’d like much rather be out there, down below, on the overcooked asphalt strips, in the pepperoni pizza grease, riding round and round in an unmarked van with my two or three heavy-fisted hulks in plain white tees. My Bellevue bodyguards, my die-hard fans. Aviator sunglasses like totally hiding our faces as we drive round and round the Island Kingdom—windows down, woodgrain gripping. Just crusin’. Just watching all the human spaceships strut up and down the goldblack Manhattan runways. Just watching all the emergency escape pods rock-skipping across the gin-slick Hudson. Across the murkier than murky East River. Everybody treading through time and space with their personal headphones and their depersonalizing smartphones. With our flesh-colored breathing apparatuses which like always seem to be leaking and caving in at the doubt-glued edges. Like seriously about to burst on account of all this peer-to-peer pressure . . .
Oh you tweeting birds. Oh you tweeting birds I’ll soon be tweet-a-tweeting too!
But I guess I’ll just have to keep being patient or whatever. I guess I’ll just have to keep waiting up here till the judge gives me the green light to come back down to exhilarating earth. Because apparently there’s like still a lot of factors to take into consideration. A lot of headscratchingly complicated code that still needs unscrambling before I can go on home. Which basically means the prosecutors just want more time to evaluate my operating system. Because apparently they’re still having a lot of trouble making sense of my visual acuity. They like just don’t understand why I don’t need glasses anymore. It doesn’t make any sense to them. It just doesn’t add up. Even the doctors can’t help creasing and scratching their foreheads every time they read over my latest eye exam results. They just don’t understand why I can see now. The shrinks say it must be symptomatic of a deeper problem. The shrinks keep saying I must have an unresolved ego-complex or a severely flawed unconscious. The shrinks keep saying my night terrors must be having some sort of extreme psychosomatic effect on my retinas or whatever. But I’m pretty sure they just don’t like it. Not one bit. I think it like definitely just creeps them out . . . Oh well. Tough. That’s just too bad for them and their totally overrated science. They’ll just have to put away their clipboards and find some other scapegoat because it’s sure as fuck not gonna be me! No way! Plus my lawyer keeps saying that this spiral-bound notebook right here isn’t like actually admissible in any court of law or in any book of evidence or in any journal of medicine or in any psychiatry textbook. Which apparently also means that, now that I’m moving on to stage two or three or whatever, these totally innocent scribbles and homesick smudges are maybe probably going to end up at the back of an alley tunnel, in a leaky dumpster, under a shaking fire escape. But I’m sure as fuck not about to let that happen either! No way! Because I’ve already told the guards that if they don’t meet my demand—my one demand!—I’ll like seriously stage a hunger strike or cut my extra-small wrists or use the bed sheets to hang myself or crack my head against the window or stick this pencil up my supercute button nose and yank my superbrilliant brains out or like whatever I need to do to get my really important point across! AH! Because I’m not about to let anything in, on, or outside of earth stop me from getting this notebook to my favorite scuba diver. To the kid who saved me and my immortal soul. Because I’ve obviously forgiven and forgotten that whole subconscious assault blooper. Because I mean he didn’t mean to rape my mind, it just kinda like happened, and I’m obviously not about to bring any charges against him. Not that I could even if I wanted to. But I like definitely don’t wanna! So instead of holding a grumpy grudge I’m going to carefully bury these college-ruled memories in neon-pink wrapping paper, and the next time Federico comes diving by (he’s been my only visitor so far), I’ll kiss the plexiglass barrier, brush back my bangs and whisper into the microphone that it’s like totally been my pleasure to build him a career-advancing thank you gift. Then I’ll slowly, slowly nod to my left and smile a muse’s smile as the guards hand Federico his award. Because even though Federico is already like kinda well known or whatever, I think, I hope, I pinky swear that this nonfiction dream right here can like definitely help him get to that next level of existence—that ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich level. So if Federico wants to make a hundred and one copies and drop them from a helicopter over the Statue of Liberty or Ground Zero or the Empire State Building, then that’s like totally okay with me. Or if he wants to use these popcorn pages to start up some kind of conceptual pyramid selling or metaphysical Ponzi scheme, then that’s like totally okay with me too. Because whatever kind of transcendental stunt that Federico has in mind it’s like totally okay with me. All I ask is that he please-oh-please doesn’t turn my prison-pent consciousness into a horribly horrible urban documentary. All I ask is anything but that . . .
What else, what else, what else before they take him or her away from me? 
Oh yea! My hair’s growing back! So yay! Yay yay! It’s not falling out in eight-legged clumps anymore. Plus I’m putting on some weight again. So at least I don’t look like a hairless holocaust survivor every time I step out of the shower. Yes sir, yes ma’am, I think it’s like most definitely safe to say that I’m looking and feeling better—much better. Even though I know I’m not supposed to. Even though I know I’m supposed to be feeling bad right now. I know that. Everyone in here keeps saying that. And it’s not like I don’t feel bad—because I like definitely do!—it’s just that I’m still kinda iffy on what exactly it is that I’m supposed to feel bad about. And anyway I’ve decided that I’m just way too young to stay sad forever. I’m just way too young to obsess over the past—good or bad or ugly or whatever. It’s just not natural. It’s just not right. Because I mean I’m in my twenties. I’m supposed to be upbeat. I’m supposed to be forward-looking—forward-steering. And I guess I just don’t see the point in feeling bad all the time. I mean it like definitely doesn’t change anything. It only makes things worse. Like way worse. Plus I’m not about to spend the rest of my life feeling sad just so that I can help the CSI unit “connect the causal dots” or help the forensic psychologist figure out “which neurological malfunction led to which behavioral outcome.” I mean, why would I? They can go connect their own doublecrossing dots for all I care. What’s there to connect anyway? I mean what if there isn’t any backstabbing causal link, what if there’s just a bunch of brilliant bouncy balls that like never ever wanna stop bouncing and bouncing and bouncing because bouncing and bouncing and bouncing is like just so much more fun than not bouncing! What about that! Huh! What about that, you boring bastards! . . . Ugh, breathe, Zoe. Just breathe . . . But like all I’m saying is that whenever I do finally get out of this yellowblue bell jar in the sky I’m like totally going to bellyflop right back into life. And maybe I’ll even go back to being a gallery geisha. For some reason I don’t think I’d mind working at the Comfort Station again. And maybe Madame Banksy could like even be my career mentor. Plus I’m sure I could teach myself to like bitchy blonde Lo—Delores. And maybe I’ll probably give it another two or three shots and apply to film school when I finally get of out here. That way I can take some more fascinating classes with Professor Amís! Assuming he isn’t in too much trouble. Ugh, he’s like such a great guy. I hope he’s alright. Plus he’s a big deal, like intellectually speaking, so the district attorney should totally let him off the hook for whatever it is that he did or didn’t do . . . And I’d love to see Precious again. I like seriously can’t remember the last time we hung out together. Oh boy she’s going to freak when she finds out I’m doing yoga every morning. Hopefully we can cook dinner or something. I like totally wouldn’t mind buying the groceries this time . . . I’ve also decided that I’m not going to go out looking for Giacomo when I get out of here. I mean he’s obviously not a good influence on me. Or maybe I’m obviously not a good influence on him. I don’t know. Either way it’s maybe probably best just to keep a very healthy, very big distance between us. He’ll just be a misperceived demigod I see every once in a while. Like when I really squint and squeeze . . . And even though my flatscreen friend still hasn’t shown me any new episodes—something to do with rising programming costs, something to do with lower-than-expected ratings—I’m hoping against hope that the Pizza Boyz get another two or three seasons. I mean they were just so good. So real and hot . . . Even though I guess it’s not really my problem anymore. Because when I finally get out of here I’m going to get myself a brand new boyfriend, someone easygoing and hardworking, and we’re going to have really quiet, really gentle sex. And we’re going to move in together and start saving up for our future life as a cuter than cute power couple. Because when I finally get out of here I’m going to stop messing around and start waking up extra early. I’ll only use sugar-free nail polish and I’ll like always make my box-spring bed right away. (No more leaky waterbeds for Zoe!) I’ll go to work with a decaf cup o’ joe and a plastic baggie filled with homemade trail mix. I’ll organize my existence on my laptop and never ever touch those sinister sticky notes. I’ll take a rain check on happy hour and go shopping for trendy clothes and swankier than swanky accessories. I’ll stay away from all of those self-destroying prescription rainbows. I’ll upgrade my smartphone every year. I’ll join a gym, a book club, a postnatal online gaming community! I’ll make tons and tons of new friends and new frenemies. Because I totally didn’t realize that I didn’t have that many extras in my life anymore. Because I mean in middle school, in high school, in college I like always had a massive cast of supporting humans all around me—boys and girls and boygirls. But where did they all go? Like what are they doing right about now? Are they hiding too? . . . Oh well, it doesn’t matter. It’s like whatever. Because when I finally get out of here I’m going to go to every single potluck and every single engagement party. I’ll be way better at life. And when I get out of here I’ll be much more than grateful to spend the holidays with Mommy and Daddy (who should like definitely be visiting any minute now, assuming there isn’t another Ebola outbreak in the suburbs). And when I get out of here I’ll be sure to do my breathing exercises whenever I feel strange or stressed out. Because now I like totally understand that all these hungry snakes in my second or third trimester core—like right below my bellybutton—are just the polyphonic knock-knocks of my born-again childhood. I’m just hoping against hope that pouty-lipped Peter isn’t the father. Even though he probably is, the bastard . . . And from now on whenever I get that mildewy paste on my new front teeth I won’t like immediately assume it’s all a transhistorical multidimensional conspiracy. Nope, definitely not. I’ll just brush my teeth, brush twice if I really have to, and then move on with my totally mainstream day. Because I swear, even if it hurts, even if it blacks me out, somehow I’m like definitely going to teach myself how to separate daily life from reality TV. Somehow I’m like definitely going to figure out the difference between a green-screen effect and a red-eye mirage. And when I get out of here I know someone, somewhere, will obviously ask me what I’ve been up to these last two or three lives, and I’ll obviously have to tell them something, anything, so I’ll just say the only thing that I definitely know for sure. I’ll just tell everyone that I’ve been working on a twentysomething rom-com—a truelove thriller with a starbright splash of wishing water. And I’ll ask everyone, in between baby butterfly kisses, if they’d wanna work with me on a breathless blockbuster sequel. On a game-changing, genre-breaking, gender-bending follow-up. Because you know the two or three of us could like definitely get ridiculously famous, ridiculously rich. And the two or three of us could like obviously say yes to hitting up all the Hollywood pool parties. And it’d be just you and me and him and her and everyone we know or will ever know. With pets and family and invisible friends like actually always included. Because wouldn’t it be an epic, once in a Big Bang headrush if we all moved out to California together? Because I mean wouldn’t that just be our perfectly perfect superstar dream come like totally extra true forever and ever—and ever?
The End